A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
Two dogs are playing in a pool.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
A cow is eating grass
travel in front of; go in advance of others.
A person is lying on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
A man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
A man is surfing a large wave in the ocean.
signal by winking.
release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition.
A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
A man is slicing butter
Three dogs on grass running towards the camera.
Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
The man is rock climbing
A dog and a black man are running through brown leaves
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
Different teams are resting on a field
do something considered below one's diginty
A family is watching a little boy who is missing a baseball
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A man is playing a keyboard in a park
Two people wearing hoodies huddle on a doorstep in the rain.
Two children playing in the snow.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
A man is rinsing a large steak
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
There is no man driving a car
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
Paper is being cut with scissors
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in a pool
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly
The figures are becoming catastrophic, said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
A black dog is running through the snow.
A person on a bike is in the air near a body of water
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
People are far from a beach full of sand by the ocean and are suffering from the sunny day
Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision, Sundwall said.
(abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)
duplicate or match.
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
a man sits on a rock.
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object
Two dogs are resting on the beach
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.
Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
cross on foot.
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
storage cabinet furniture
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
A black dog on a leash is walking in the water
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead.
A cow is eating hay
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case.
A man with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
Snow boarder on a pink board flying through the air.
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
behave violently, as if in state of a great anger.
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her
Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.
a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
A topless girl is covered in paint
A man is driving a motorbike
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
One man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
thin metal strips used in typesetting
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
A man is playing the trumpet
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
Two brown and black dogs run through the dry grass.
People travel up the elevator together.
A group of people are running a race.
pass time in a particular place or way
The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
Someone is being boiled with okra in a pot
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
a white dog runs across the water.
the act of cracking something.
The man is absently eating a banana by a tree
A yellow cat is chasing a ball
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
Two women sitting on brown couch.
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope
Trains inside an indoor station.
A male baby makes a funny face for the camera.
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
A kid is speeding down a steep slide
compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
A brown dog and a tan dog are playing in tall grass.
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
remove the pod, husk or shell
There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here, Gehman said.
devote oneself to a special area of work.
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in mid air.
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
A black bird is taking flight from a dead tree
maintain or assert.
A black and white photo of an old train station.
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
release from confinement, obligation, or a burden
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
The man in a cowboy hat is not walking through a market and is not putting a hand in his pocket
a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized.
cause to be firmly attached.
A dog chases another by a tree.
There is no man screaming
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
A dog runs through sand.
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so, chief executive Marce Fuller said.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.
A woman is slicing a carrot
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).
There is no girl with a black bag on a crowded train
The men are putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
A man is climbing a rock wall.
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
A group of football players is standing still in the field
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo
to fill with coal or oil
A father is pushing his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is watching
A dog is pushing a toddler into a puddle of rain
A pale tan dog is carrying a stick in its mouth outside.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
depict or portray in art, words, or model
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
A brown dog is running in the grass.
Some men are playing rugby
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
support by placing on or against something solid
A bride in a white dress is running
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
The brown dog is playing in the snow.
highly infectious viral disease
a dog runs across the grass.
A playing device is amusing a cat
A potato is being peeled by a person
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
There is no baby being put into a trash can by a woman
A horse is leaping a hurdle and has a rider on its back
The person isn't riding a motorbike on a sandy track
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
The bird is sitting on the branch.
The man's jumper is in the empty pool
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical).
pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin.
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper
the act of catching an object with the hands.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets
The dog plays in the park.
a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant
A hockey player during a game.
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
A guy is leaping into the air in a wooded area
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
A woman is looking curiously at a man
scrape or rub to relieve itching
move an implement through with a circular motion, mix
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
A man with a cast films some video while another man smiles.
The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar
the condition of living or the state of being alive.
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
be a summary of.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights
Some kids are playing on a playground
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
A woman is slicing herbs
A girl jumping in a puddle.
communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
The brown dog is playing outdoors
make up something fictional or untrue
Five people are running with three dogs in the green field beside the road
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
A man kayaks in rough water.
Four people are performing music outdoors
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of a lady 
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Kids play in the water
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
injure, scratch the surface
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to the snowboarders
A group of boys in a yard is playing and a man is standing in the background
The man is handling a gun
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
A man dressed in black is riding a bike
There is no boy playing guitar
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
make or become less strict or severe
Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.
a feeling or state of contentment, relief
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
The man is not dancing
This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
provide with a toggle or toggles.
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
The play for the ladies requires a guitar
the act of liberating someone or something.
a negative aspect of something that is generally positive.
People sitting on acouch.
A group of people are laying in the grass under an umbrella.
A woman is cutting onions
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end, said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass
A black dog is attacking a brown dog on the sand
A man is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
One person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
A woman riding a brown horse.
A skier about to go down the mountain.
remove tree stumps from.
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
A couple is running towards the ocean
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an orange Frisbee.
A boy with a blue Mohawk plays the violin.
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
the act of arriving at a certain place
The guitar is being played by a kid
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
make hard or harder.
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.
the act of escaping, fleeing
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
go one's own way; move apart.
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow
A child jumps in the air at a bowling alley.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
A boy is knocking a dog with a bottle of water
cause to become alive again.
the act of creating written works.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
An animal is resting
cause to be perplexed or confounded.
give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause.
A monkey is kicking a person
The man is climbing up a rope
There is no man eating food
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
The red bus is on the street.
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
The man in a t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall
carry a burden, real or metaphorical
the act of projecting out from something.
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
The man is erasing the drawing on the board
a decorative container, often for holding flowers
A man is jumping rope in a field
A baby is playing with a toy
Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into the water
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass
a native of ancient Troy.
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
A white dog looks at a black puppy in the snow.
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
The man is funnily playing the piano with his nose
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
fly in or as if in a glider plane.
Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks
be or play a part of or in.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
The people are running at a carnival
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.
a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England.
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
declare or make unfit or unsuitable
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
state of being unclothed, naked
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
There is no man on a rock high above some trees standing in a strange position
a quantity that is an approximate calculation
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
The kid is swimming through the blue ocean
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
A biker is jumping in the air, alone
One man is passionately playing the guitar
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
A woman skiing down a snowy hill.
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera
A child is waking up
An area that is central within some larger region.
the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations).
Two dogs are running through a small pond
The girl is using a pencil for the eyes on her eyelid
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
Someone is typing on a keyboard
a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another.
prepare for/put to action or use
Manipulate or move something in order to operate.
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with bare hands
become inflated.
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
The woman is cutting a carrot
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
The recruits are barking at the military officer
Two young women sit by a fountain.
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
A football player is running into an official carrying a football
A bee is taking off from a yellow flower
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current.
No motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
A black dog bounds through a path in the snow.
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
get on top of; deal with successfully.
A person is singing and playing the guitar
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
Someone is dirtying an animal
A person is riding a bike
A boy is standing in a room by a lamp light
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods
The man is doing a trick on his green bike.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
The boy is wading through the blue ocean
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
A cat is walking on a hardwood floor
The birds are swimming in the water.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
per centum
a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
Two grey dogs running through the shallow water of a lake.
make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules.
the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body.
A boy in a band is playing the flute
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
A woman is diving into a pool
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
A little boy is playing a guitar
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
A black dog digs in the snow.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a rain puddle
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is pitifully begging for money
Someone is falling off the horse
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
A girl is not playing the guitar
cause to move faster.
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
A person on a yellow clean bike is taking a jump
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
an acknowledgment of appreciation.
A brown dog is running along a beach.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
A man and a woman are standing still in the woods
A woman is sleeping
Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby
A large pile of scrap wood.
The dog is not catching a blue ball
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
A person is performing acrobatics on a motorcycle
A guitar is being played by a woman
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near a brown dog
The elderly person is waiting a lady on the sidewalk
a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program.
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
(Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.
a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect.
Two blonde girls are taking a picture of themselves.
a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
A small dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
An old woman is wearing a rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
The man is riding a bull which is mechanical
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
A woman is picking a can
Two dogs run on the grass.
act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose.
A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
The tail of an animal is being chasing by a dog in the grass
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.
positively-charged center part of an atom
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
A man is getting off the motorcycle
Older woman holding newborn baby.
A black dog standing in a field.
move along on wheels
the event of something ending.
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
There is no woman riding a water scooter
A person is riding the bicycle on one wheel
A man and a young boy are jumping off of a yellow kayak
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car
be equal to in quality or ability.
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
A tiger is pacing around a cage
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
make more complex or intricate
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
Someone is splashing through ankle-high sun-lit water.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
A man with a shirt is holding a football
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
A dog running on the beach
an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment.
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
A shirtless woman is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
A large black and white cow in a field.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a pond
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
the act of decreasing something markedly.
The Hulk took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
subsist on a meager allowance.
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
a state of confinement in a small space
provide with a new seat.
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
There is no cat playing with a watermelon
the act of providing help or aid to someone
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge
(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue mat
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
A dog with golden fur is in the water
A dog running in the grass.
The man is cooking slices of potato
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
A dog is looking around
A man is playing a flute made of bamboo
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
There is no man carrying a woman
a dog nipping at the feet of a cow.
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
The bicyclist is speeding on a city street
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
Three dogs play with a Frisbee in a snowy field.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone
The woman is wearing glasses and a black headdress
A lean dog playing in tall grass.
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in a strange position
Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike dangerously along a roadway
A dog walks on the beach.
A young lady in a bikini is standing on the beach
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
festive social event, celebration
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
A clown is singing
give, dedicate, pledge
The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide
burn slightly to affect color
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
Brown dog jumping over a hurdle.
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear
(construction) a layer of masonry.
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation
A young child is standing in front of some trees
Provide medical care for.
A herd of deer is stopping at the street
A man is not riding a bicycle
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
manner of handling, managing someone or something
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
An exciting or stimulating experience.
The black and white dog is running in the damp sand.
A group of kids is playing on a structure which is colorful
The cat is looking out the window at the table on the perch
The man is erasing the other man's work from the panel
There are no soccer players kicking a soccer ball into the goal
a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
adherence to moral principles
The woman is not chopping garlic
a mental activity of construing or interpreting
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves
Someone is boiling okra in a pot
A dog is standing in the sand.
One man is climbing a wall made of rock and another man is holding a rope
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
A mental state of sadness.
A girl with extended arms goes down a slide.
The white dog runs through the ocean.
The little girl is not swinging and the woman is not standing behind her
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
the general impression or appearance of something
the context or setting in which something takes place
remove a constituent from a liquid.
A white and brown dog rolls on it's back in the sand.
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
A person is riding an electric bicycle
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Someone is peeling a banana
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors
A lemur is licking a person's finger
employ or utilize, put into service
Two dogs are running quickly through a park
show consideration for; take into account.
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
A dog is standing on a mountain
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
A woman is slicing tofu
A black and white dog is jumping in the snow at a park.
Some paper is being cut
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
A brown dog is running through water with a stick in its mouth.
A woman is picking up and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms
Old blue and white train on tracks.
The man is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word
Two dogs running on grass.
Some women are holding each other in a circle and dancing
There is no woman slicing a tomato
a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
a dog sprints across the grass.
a channel for communication between groups.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
A man is climbing a rocky mountain.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest.
An officer is talking to the soldiers
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space.
A woman is painting a man's face
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy shore
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
Brown dog running on grass.
Young boy wearing a denim shirt sticks out his tongue.
Two men are holding fishing poles
A man in a red uniform is making a jump in a dirt bike race
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
Three men are not staring at the big green hills in the distance
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across the water
Two brown dogs running through water.
The black dog is climbing on a rock
A man is standing shirtless in the street
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
return in thought or speech to something.
Two dogs run through the brush.
the head of a city government.
A kid is jumping his bike over a fence.
There is no man fixing a silencer to a gun
A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
Two dogs are running in the water while a man watches from the dock.
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
end
The kid is sliding in the snow
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a man is looking
A woman is looking at the view of a city
Two people in two chairs are reading
take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal.
A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
A man and a small girl floating on an innertube.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
A snowboarder goes down a ramp.
A young boy falls off his bike.
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
A woman is slicing a fish
A person is frying meat in a pan
The group of people is not sitting on the ground outside a monument
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, they said.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
A football player in a red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates
burst open with a sharp, explosive sound.
A young girl in a winter coat is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
move, transfer or carry something or someone
A man is opening a package that contains headphones
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
(cause to) become less clear or indistinct
A plane being readied for take-off.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
A dog with a golden coat is in the water
The man is not playing a flute
cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition.
Two horses standing in a pen.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
the act of choosing, picking one among many
the trade of a funeral director.
move in a group or flock
Two sumo ringers are not fighting
A prey is quickly running behind the cheetah
an unofficial association of people or groups.
Three people racing on ice skates.
There is no team playing soccer
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
A boy is playing on a toy
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
angle with a hook and line and draw through          water
Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
spare in quality or quantity
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
A large brown dog is jumping over a red hurdle
It's a huge black eye, Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
A woman is dancing
Three pole wait for a bus outside a building.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
issue an order.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces
A boy is checking a calendar
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
There is no person standing in a vast field of glacial ice
assign to or arrange into categories
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
A dog is running on the beach.
One bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
A man is performing a trick on a bike
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between buildings behind
A man and a boy are standing at the bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
A dog runs in the woods.
A dog is sitting by a fence on a dirt track
Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated, Mackey said in a statement.
There is no man playing a guitar
A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
the activity of removing a resource
Someone is banging the lens of a camera against a nail
A man is talking on the phone
A young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
A woman is putting on makeup carefully
There is no man on a bicycle riding on the beach
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
The show for the small child is being set on an exciting swing at the park
overcome with amazement.
The child has a necklace on and is in the water.
There is no man eating some food
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids
Three boys are jumping off a platform
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
(computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
A shirtless man is playing football on a field
There is no rhino grazing on the grass
the legal granting or bestowment of rights
make something more diverse and varied.
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color
put an end to a state or an activity.
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
Large green boat floating on water.l.
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
persuade or achieve acceptance
Three dogs running in a field of grass.
We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.
The motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets.
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
a person who conveys (carries or transmits).
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol
A multi-colored train on a track.
to distribute systematically or strategically.
The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
A woman is peppering green slices
Three children are running up hill
(Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.
The brown dog is wearing a black collar.
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
a brown dog plays with the hose.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a grassy field
A black and white dog runs through the water.
A group of five men in uniform are posing for the camera.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
adhering to moral principles.
incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating.
A brown puppy chewing on a stick.
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill
A black dog walks through some water.
Two football players bang into each other during a football game.
indistinct vocal articulations
A brown a white dog runs down a yellow and blue ramp.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend
A man is mindlessly slicing the carrot with a machine
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else
something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
A brown dog is walking in the water.
A tiger cub is roaring
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
turn on or around an axis or a center.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
The girl, who is little, is swinging and the woman is standing behind
a pointed instrument for writing, stylus
matter that has been deposited by some natural process.
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset
get involved or mixed-up with.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
The current is being ridden by a group of friends in a raft
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism, he said.
The dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
a black and brown dog is running across a muddy field.
We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story.
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
The young girl blows a huge bubble.
Man and child skiing.
the height of the sea's surface
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
A brown dog running
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
A boy is not playing a guitar
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow jersey and is defending the goal
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A woman is playing the keyboard and a man is dancing
express or transform in a new form or language
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside
to incline or bend from a vertical position.
A group of children is not playing tambourines
The woman is not poking holes in the potato
state of being under control
the act of competing as for profit or a prize.
a competitor most likely to win
the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality
A woman is cutting an onion
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
any area set aside for a particular purpose.
A small child slides down a purple slide.
the action of placing or situating an object
immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
(cause to) emit a brief burst of light
a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard
hit or return before it touches the ground
A little bird floating in the water.
look at or observe something or someone
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
A man in a checked shirt stands next to a large wooden bowl.
Two dogs playing on carpet.
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
A young female is dancing
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
A boy in blue is blowing bubbles.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up an arm
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of the brown chair onto the floor
A woman is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
A man is playing a small flute
There is no man dancing on the road
Men standing in front of a statue of a lion.
A young boy wearing glasses has his hair set to stand up.
The dog in the red vest is not running in the field
the selection of a lottery winner
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a busy street
give certain properties to something.
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass
Women are sawing logs
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the sofa
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
sway to and fro.
an observer of a process or activity
The man is going into the water.
Runners are racing down a track
Some children are playing on a playground
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
A white car and a yellow car are racing down the track
Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
A guy is not riding a horse
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
A man is folding a tortilla
Two people playing on a snowy hill.
An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture
Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.
(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
move forward by leaps and bounds.
The large brown dog is running through shallow water.
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
throw a glance at; take a brief look at.
A woman is combing her hair
the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface.
There is no guy mowing the lawn
A dog in a car.
The black and white dog is running through the bushes.
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
The man is dipping into a swamp
A group of people are dancing
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
make out of components (in an improvising manner)
The person is not going into the water
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
a social occasion, often official or formal
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on the grass
A skier going down the snowy hill.
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth.
Fewer than 10 FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
A soccer player is missing a goal
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the stars and is walking on the tennis court
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.
Two young girls are sitting on the ground
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush for vegetables
the large room of a manor or castle.
A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood
a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments
A girl in a strange outfit is riding the bike
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
legally approve or ratify a person for a position
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
A man is riding a motorcycle
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
give an interpretation or rendition of.
There is no man holding a sign and seeking money
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
A person is kicking a soccer ball between their feet
The bride and the groom are arriving after the wedding
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
A woman is standing and isn't looking at the waterfall
A girl is on a jumping car
cause or become accessible state, make or become available
There is no large dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
observe or plot the moving path of something.
a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages, the statement continued.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
There is no man singing and playing a guitar
There is no boy playing a piano
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
disregard, fail to attend to
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
The whole thing is a travesty, fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection.
appoint someone to (a position or a job).
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
A woman is buttering a piece of bread
Some women are sitting together near woven walls
run around the rim of.
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along a river
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
Soak up (as if) with a sponge.
A child in the snow.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
Three boys leaping in to a swimming pool.
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
the act of acknowledging the truth of something
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
A person is dicing an onion
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
cause something to be the case
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
A animal is grazing in a field
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
Two dogs are playing with each other
the quality of being dependable
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity
A boy wearing face paint walks along a red track.
learn, assimilate a body of knowledge
A man is taking pictures of a lake
A shirtless man is jumping over a log
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny.
the activity of learning or being trained
move together in a hive or as if in a hive.
cause to be balanced or suspended.
A tan dog is walking through snow.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
A white dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
A deer is jumping over a wall
originate or come into being.
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
opening shot in billiards or pool
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
The headlights on a blue car.
A state of confusion or disorder.
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
Two dogs are running in the field.
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.
take up, as of debts or payments.
A man in a blue jumpsuit is failing to perform a wheelie on a motorcycle
The man is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach
The man and woman are walking
The man is feeding the snake with a mouse
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
Two children are rolling in dirty water
A brown dog and a red dog are frolicking on the beach
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves
A white dog is running through a snowy trail
Two dogs are looking up at a kitchen countertop
get rid of as if by submerging.
provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language.
the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board.
There are no men fighting
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
A skier dressed in black is catching a tiny bit of air
A woman is not boiling shrimps
Guitar is being played by a man
travel across or pass over.
A woman is cutting a white onion
The four kids are riding a raft on the water.
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow
get or find back; recover the use of.
a computer on the floor.
The cats are not playing with each other
A football is being held by a man with no shirt
An airplane facing the camera.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
A man and woman sitting on a parked car.
a dog runs across the land.
Two men are playing table tennis
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
come into the possession of something concrete or abstract.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
a tan dog running through the grass with a toy in his mouth.
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
the act of making or enacting laws.
A man with his bike amid a demolished building.
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
A man is playing flute
A skateboarder is falling off a half pipe
The hiker is following a trail uphill.
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat.
identify or pick out someone or something
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
spend time in prison or in a labor camp.
A small black and white dog is biting a stick and is swimming
A small white dog is jumping up in the snow
A little girl is selling a scooter
There is no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water
small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done.
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
A brown dog is running through a snowy path
the act of annoying someone or something
The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals, the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
read or conform to the metrical pattern of
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a t-shirt, which is white
A black and white dog is chasing a ping Frisbee.
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
A boy is rollerblading in a skate park.
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it.
Four people are walking across thick snow and the sun is setting
A girl is eating a cupcake
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security, said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
a straight length of road or racetrack
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
A man is jumping on a trampoline
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
A white horse is standing
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
A man is dancing
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
A girl is pushing a go-kart and a daughter is watching her father
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
A woman is adding ingredients to a big bowl
One man is dancing
The act of providing approval and support.
rein in to keep from winning a race.
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length
The man is swimming in a body of water near a waterfall
A skateboarder doing a jump.
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
A woman in a red dress is putting away an instrument
People are grouping at a stand at the fair
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A young child is running outside over the fallen leaves
A man is slicing a bun
A man is cutting a cord with a sword
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
A man in a batman costume is running a race.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
a young girl wearing a black and red swimsuit swinging on a swing
A woman in a green jacket is waiting to cross the street at a light.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
A man is mixing a few ingredients in a bowl
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the seashore
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
administrator, one who controls resources
suit to a special purpose.
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do.
argue or speak in defense of.
The boy is pushing a girl on a swing outside.
An old woman is shaking hands with a man
Three women are resting in a village
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
A white plane on the runway.
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A black dog running on a beach.
A child, who has blond hair, is holding a yellow bottle
Two dogs are playing with a small red ball
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
act or do something in reaction to something
The state of being pleased with life.
unite or merge with something already in existence.
The doctors are reviving a man
A man is singing into a microphone
The boy is playing a guitar
Two children are lying in the snow and are making snow angels
A brown and white dog is running through the river
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A blond girl is riding the waves
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
A man on a bike in mid-air
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing
A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball in a brown field
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
A yellow dog is not drinking water from the faucet
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
Provide with rails, as by laying.
There is no group of people standing together and looking at the camera
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
a force that is a branch of the armed forces.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
There is no man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
Some racers are swimming in a lake
One small child is drinking water from the cup
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
Some young bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
The young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
emit a brief burst of light.
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
A cat is playing with a watermelon
A woman is playing an electric guitar
supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
A woman is not cutting shrimps
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
The potato is being peeled by the lady
The girl in the blue coverall is painting
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid
A boy swings on a jungle gym.
The girl is trotting on the horse
A dog with long hair and a red vest is sitting in the grass
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue
a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious.
There are no dogs fighting for a frisbee in a lake
The man isn't talking on the telephone
The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river
a sudden outburst.
The act of arranging elements together.
A man is being roped by a climber
A tomato is being sliced by a woman
The girl in a pink coat and pink boods is wading through a puddle.
There is no man pointing at a car
the state of being in contact
Two dogs and two people are walking in a wood
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
cause to make a snapping sound.
strive against another or others to attain a goal
A young woman is playing the guitar
make weak by stunting the growth or development of.
There is no small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
A man in a pose is being amusedly watched by another man
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
A woman is slicing a clove of garlic
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok
The lady is cracking an egg into a bowl
four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
A large duck is perching over a rocky stream
The violin is being played by a little girl on a beach
provide with a toggle
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers
Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
Three small dogs are sniffing at something
A girl in blue is sliding down a slide
The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy
The woman is walking the dog
an extended area of land.
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a band
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into a goal net
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on a rocky surface
A human utters words loudly and forcefully.
Four people are silently standing outdoors
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
A man is exercising
a list of items to be consulted and marked off
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
A photo of a ride at an amusement park on an overcast day.
endure or experience a painful event
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
A Seadoo is being ridden by a woman
A woman is drying noodles
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions
Two dogs are playing on a hardscape.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks
A kid wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
The black and white dog is running in a field
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her
cause to be interested or curious.
Two dogs play in a field.
The singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
Two women in a sailboat.
A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
immerse briefly into liquid or container
Four people rowing down a river.
Someone is drawing a person
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into the air
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
A man is cutting a potato
the act of adding one thing to another.
reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
A black dog with a gemmed collar is sitting on white carpet.
The small dog protects its owner.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
The horse is being ridden by the girl
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop
the bodily process of discharging waste matter.
Grass is being mowed by a man
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
A young boy is singing and playing a guitar
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
an aggregation of things or people
A dog runs through an obstacle course.
add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)
The little boy is riding a bicycle in a race
People are sitting at tables in a red room
issue bonds on something
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail
a woman with a big necklace.
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym
a person who is aggressively pursued, chased
A tan dog runs in the fall leaves.
We've become like total strangers, John told a pal two days before his death.
Two children are rolling in clean water
a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
The man is doing floor exercises
A keyboard is being played by a person
A piano is being played by a man
capital stock in a corporation
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
travel in front of, be first, precede
Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some boulders with water in the background
The black llama is curiously looking at the white dogs
Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.
We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy, said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
The little girl jumps up into the air with the sand beneath her.
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
A man is chopping down a tree with an axe
The climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging from a white, vertical rock
the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
The man is not slicing a potato
manipulate in a fraudulent manner.
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
Bring back to life, return from the dead
A man is standing on the top of a roof and playing a violin
A tennis player with a green headband is missing the ball
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
narrate or give a detailed account of.
A brown dog shaking its head.
an approximated amount of something
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
Two blond girls are playing together.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a plant
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
A soccer player is kicking a ball out of the goal
Some men are sawing
cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
give equal rights to; of women and minorities.
A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree
One man is leading the race
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply, said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
A man with tattoos is holding a couch with a pencil
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another brown dog in the pond
A woman is cutting a fish
A man water skis while attached to a parachute.
A dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching
Two kids and a woman are playing games at an arcade
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
The man is seasoning the meat
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
Entreat; ask for some information or action.
A dog is jumping into the water.
Children in swimming suits are playing in the pool
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
A football player in a purple jersey is running with the ball for a touchdown
One man is climbing a rock wall and another man is holding a rope
(Cause to) to turn to the left side.
I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower, Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
A man is cutting a boot with a blade
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
add cream to one's coffee, for example.
Sniff at inquiringly.
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard
place limits on (extent or access).
A little girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on the head
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong
The act of sorting one thing from others.
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
A woman is walking off a stage
There is no football player in a purple jersey running with the ball for a touchdown
walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud.
Intend something to move toward a certain goal
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road
the legal state of owing money
A skateboarder on a city street.
transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates.
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
A person is rinsing a steak with water
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
A person with a green shirt is jumping high over the grass
deal with according to routine or procedure
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass
cost or monetary value of goods or services
A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing
be a signal for or a symptom of.
A black and white dog running between poles.
There is no woman breaking eggs in a bowl
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better.
Three dogs are in the snow.
A woman is cleaning a man's face
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
A man dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
Several people are walking in line across a bridge
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure.
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
a reference line used to align lettering
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
Someone is cleansing an animal
A guy is cheerfully playing with a footbag
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
The women are divinely dancing outside
A boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
Two dogs play in the water.
a usually brief attempt.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball
the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing).
The fish are immobile
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
administer or bestow, as portions
the state of being in effect or being operative.
There is no small dog chasing a large brown cow
three black and white dogs running through a watery field.
A dog, which is black, and a white one are staring at each other in the street
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
send from one person or place to another.
the rate of some repeating event.
The white dog is running in the green grass.
To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background
Two children jump on a trampoline.
Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
The man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of the dog
A man is singing and playing a guitar
The practicing person doesn't like the guitar
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
the state of being employed
A woman is shooting at target practice
A kid is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
A cat is stuck on a moving ceiling fan
A woman is frying meat
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
A man is jumping into an empty pool
A girl in a dress holds a tennis racket.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
A girl in orange lights a candle.
There is no person on a bike jumping through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
A small boy in a green shirt is striping a sliding tube
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
Some instruments are being played by a band
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
A man is thinking
A brown dog swimming in murky water.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
Two dogs playing in the snow near a chair.
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
A man with a white moustache is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
A girl in a band is playing an instrument
The soccer player is kicking the ball between somebody's legs
There is no girl with black and orange patches on the cheeks
There is no little black dog chasing a little brown dog
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a tattoo on the back
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
Roller blades sliding on a railing.
A man with jersey 23 is dunking the ball at a basket ball game.
There is no snowboarder jumping off the snow
A group of sheep in a field.
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
There is a boy wearing jeans and a baseball cap jumping in the air.
A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl
A small dog jumping with a ball in its mouth.
The white and brown-spotted dog is walking through shallow water.
Smiling man with reflective classes.
shoot down, of birds.
A woman is chopping up an octopus
There is no woman putting on makeup
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
a pair of mated people, e.g., married
location sheltered from the wind
use up the whole supply of.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something.
A man is going between two red flag markers on a dirt bike.
Two people wearing helmets are riding over the yellow and white flowers
The large brown dog is not running outside in the dirt
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
A lean dog runs through green grass.
a process of becoming smaller or shorter.
two puppies playing around in the grass
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
A plane in the sky.
A man and two women are standing in a bright room by a table with candles
Two people are sailing a small boat.
The subject is being studied by a man with a camera
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
Black dog chasing an orange Frisbee.
Two boys splashing in the surf.
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
A black dog running through water.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
A brown and white dog is running down a ramp.
The girl is spraying the plants with water
A man in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a dog with a brown coat in the grass
the act of decreasing or reducing something.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil.
persuade somebody to accept something.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
A car is riskily jumping over a girl
A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan
the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings.
forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth.
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
make a loud noise, as an animal
The lady is measuring the ankle of another woman
have a strong desire to do something
A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
A man is performing a trick on a green bicycle
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
The plane is landing
The action of opposing some other social or military force.
Two children are playing soccer in the park
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage
the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically.
A girl is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement
A man plays a guitar for a sick child in a hospital
A soccer player is kicking a ball into the goal
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
(cause to) meet or intersect
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
provide with rails.
droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness.
Two children are not playing soccer in the park
A woman is putting on lipstick
Two buses parked on a street.
Two people kneel on the snow and raise their arms with mountains behind them.
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
A woman is playing with a brown dog on a garden path
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
the activity of examining or assessing something
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
take or have a position relative to others.
A person stands in a vast field of glacial ice.
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
The man on stage is singing into the microphone
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
A man is eating onion slices
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
A boy standing and watching a group of people on a basketball court.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
Two black dogs in the snow.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
come as if by falling.
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
A child holds a yellow balloon.
Two men are doing a skit, which is very funny, with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
A black-and-white dog running in the water.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a ball
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
move with a thrashing motion.
A man is packing a violin
Dough is being spread by a man
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
A double decker bus on a city street.
Two boys on a couch are playing games on the TV
A man is mixing the content of a bowl
the face or front of a building.
the disadvantage that results from losing something.
a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
human legs, informal usage
The man is putting chicken into the container
issue bonds on.
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
Ask for and get something for free.
A man skiing down a snow covered mountain.
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
There is no person cutting an onion
communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at day
A dog is fetching a piece of wood out of very clear water
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of the standing biker
A baby is not playing a guitar
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
A dog is near the red ball in the air
(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter.
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water
the physical position of something.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
A man is spanking a boy with a plastic sword
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
A woman is using a sewing machine
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
make by combining materials and parts.
The piano is being played by a man
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
A boy plays baseball.
A cartoon airplane is landing
A black and white dog leaps to catch an orange Frisbee.
maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity
There is no man slicing a potato
A man in swim trunks is juggling on the beach
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
A biker jumps an obstacles.
A woman is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is very small
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
Two dogs are playing outside
The cop is not sitting on a police bike
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
A man and his dog play tug of war with a rope.
the actors in a play.
The skillet is being oiled by a woman who is pouring some water
A man is untying a rope
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
a feeling of aversion or antipathy.
make out of components (often in an improvising manner).
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day
A dog is playing on the green grass
The dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
make a clicking or ticking sound.
a group of children playing with a dog
A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
A woman who is taking off a pink boa is stopping her bicycle on a bridge built for pedestrians
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
give an incentive for action.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
A man and a woman are not driving down the street in a jeep
The brown and white dog is running across the sand with a red object in his mouth.
A white dog runs on the sand.
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
We've become like total strangers, Klein quotes him as saying.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
A dog is pulling a monkey's tail
make less severe or strict.
the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof).
The chef is carefully drying the oil from the pan
The bride and the groom are leaving after the marriage
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
A child is sitting in a toy car colored in red and yellow
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
write as if with print, not in cursive
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
A white puppy is biting a pole
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
the state of taking in or encircling.
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
an intuitive understanding of something.
expose or make accessible to some action or influence.
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
Two dogs on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is standing on the tennis court
A person is bowling the ingredients to the man at the mixer
There is no dog running on the beach
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
the ability to recall past occurrences.
The brown and white dog is in the water.
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
the act of providing assistance, giving aid
talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions.
fail to attend to.
A player of soccer is scoring a goal
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
A man is mixing vegetables in a pot
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A young boy is diving into a still lake
A dog is running through tall grass.
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of the camera
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
A dog jumps through a hoop.
A dog is digging a hole in the dirt
create code or computer programs
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
A dog is catching a ball
make (a surface) shine.
the act of perceiving the odor of something.
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass
Several kids are jumping on a trampoline
A panda is climbing
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is not walking near a rocky wall
Three kids are jumping in the leaves
make lighter or brighter.
A large flute is being played by a man
the visual appearance of something or someone.
Blue bird standing on green grass.
An airplane is flying through the air
There is no person playing a piano
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
A brown and white dog is passing under a red, yellow and white hurdle
No dog is emerging from a lake
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
free from a burden, evil, or distress.
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes.
point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone
The orange rescue boat is rushing across the water
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
A shoeless woman is standing over a blanket near a lavender umbrella
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
furnish with a guideline
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
A man wearing a blue shirt crouches on a rocky cliff.
This decision is clearly incorrect, FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
make noise like bad engine
furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics.
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
A swimmer swimming butterfly in a pool
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
collect discarded, refused or damaged material
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline
pass by means through a lock in a waterway.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat.
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn
The black and white dog is sitting on a green yard
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
A man practices boxing
A tree is falling over a bridge made over the river which a dog is crossing
The women are not singing and dancing
A man on a bicycle is riding on the beach
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm
take up or begin anew.
Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran
There is no man chopping a log with an axe
A man is putting away a carrot
A woman is not frying fish
act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
a specific size and style of type within a type family.
There is no man eating a pizza
behave in a certain way.
the termination of a meeting.
A boy is running towards a seagull on a beach.
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
Limit in quantity or quality.
a sculpture of a human or animal
A bald person is playing a guitar
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
have unlawful sex with a prostitute
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
a state of extreme poverty.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
cause to move, cause to be moved
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a hot day
A group of children playing with props
The black player is making the white player a play near the end of a purple field
draw up an outline or sketch for something.
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
A surfer is riding a large wave.
the act of ending something.
A boy is playing on a toy phone
make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
the reduction of something's value or worth.
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
Two dogs running in a field.
A brown and white dog is playing on the grass
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
A practicing jumper is tossing a person's snowboard into the air
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
A boy is throwing away a calendar
A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
A man is fishing in the river
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
The woman is playing a guitar which is electric
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
(Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.
A woman who is sitting in a field listening to music throws a frisbree for her brown dog.
A little boy is proudly wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
A boy wearing a red sweater runs along a colorful beach.
A woman is using a machine made for sewing
A lady is putting on makeup
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
The person is dicing up a pepper which is orange
A dog runs through a field.
A white dog is running on sand.
A black dog walking through splashing water in a rocky creek.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
Two boys are laying in the ocean far to the beach
one fourth of a year
a person who delivers information or goods
The woman is slicing a tomato
Two BMX bikers jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
A man walks two dogs in the city.
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
two dogs are running across a grassy path.
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
A black, brown, and white dog is carrying a Frisbee.
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
An officer is talking to the recruits
the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
A young girl on Rollerblades.
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
A man wearing a backpack looking to the side.
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers.
compress out of shape or into small pieces
incorporate or enclose one thing in another
interfere with someone else's activity
the act of giving someone a job.
energy in the form of molecular motion
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
glare or strike with intensity
A small black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
A basketball player holding a basketball.
A flute is being played by a man
A brown and white dog runs through the green grass.
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
forcefully request
bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green jeep
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
A group of kids is playing on a colorful structure
A motorcycle is being ridden by a man
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach
Three children stand on or near a fence.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
These children are playing on a trampoline outdoors.
Two girls arm wrestle while a third girl in a pink shirt and glasses watches.
A woman is peeling food
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
A woman is deboning a fish
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
A black dog is running in the grass
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
The bike rider is not looking at the accident of another bike rider
consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing.
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean
A woman is showing a dog with very long hair at a dog show
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
A man is doing a trick on a bike
have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
correct by punishment or discipline.
The man is slicing vegetables
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
A person is performing a card trick
A group of people in a large Asian restaurant is eating
Two people are riding a motorcycle
a happening or incident of human significance
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
A man standing in front of a brick building.
We think they have the right to choose.
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
A bird soars with wings spread.
lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking.
The men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
Three dogs running in the dirt.
An animal is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
Four people are sitting on a low cement ledge
measure the time or duration of
a conveyance that transports people or objects.
A race horse galloping without a rider.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
A man is shooting with a gun
It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
recite as a chant, intone
A young girl is sitting in a swimsuit
Two little girls playing on the parallel bars.
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of a red stone monument
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
A man is cutting a box
A surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water
A little girl in a pink coat is walking down a dirt road
A tan and white dog runs through water.
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
make or become more acute or intense
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
a person who takes pictures, often a professional
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
the quality of being significant.
A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
the act of testing something.
A brown dog is running breathlessly across the yard with a toy in its mouth
Two dogs running on the beach.
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a crocodile float that is green
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
A woman is firing a weapon
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
throw with force
A black and white dog runs through pole obstacles.
There is no man riding a mechanical bull
support a person for a position.
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
put an end to.
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.
prove to be false or incorrect.
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat
a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation.
the act of giving a false appearance.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency
two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
Two cats are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
the rotating motion of an object
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
A deer is jumping over a cyclone fence
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness
(mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
a brown dog sniffs a tree stump.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
Nobody is brushing a cat
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
Two puppies play in the grass
A man is dropping a tree
A boy is filling a pitcher with water
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.
There is no man playing soccer
Two people are stopping on a motorcycle
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
There is no man diving off a cliff
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
the center of an object.
A white dog on a leash is walking in the water
There is no man playing a keyboard
Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street
A woman is slicing a green pepper
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
A bird flying over the water.
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
This dog is jumping through the water.
A person in a blue jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
A child is swimming underwater in a pool
Two people are looking at a gold statue
reason by deduction; establish by deduction.
Turn the paddle or oar.
Someone is stirring food in the water
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
Broccoli are being cut by a woman
maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger.
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
The woman is taking up and holding a baby kangaroo
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
An octopus is being sliced by a woman
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
The people are sitting in a restaurant in front of the beach
A black dog is playing in water with a green toy.
Some people are singing
A woman is boiling eggs
There is no child holding a water gun or getting sprayed with water
The light brown dog is running up a street
A person in mid air on a yellow motorcycle.
A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.
carry out or perform an action.
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road
The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding
The man is not feeding the snake with a mouse
Black and white cat lying under bush.
Three dogs run in the snow.
to interrupt, enter uninvited
equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse.
Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.
There is no woman cleaning a shrimp
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it.
A boy is spanking a woman with a plastic sword
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
A boy is doing tricks with his bike on the ramp.
Our fundamental values haven't changed, Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
A woman is slicing a tomato
A black and white dog runs through grass.
A little girl is playing the violin on a beach
a vote to select the winner of a position or political office.
A man is being curiously looked at by a woman
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
The men are performing on stage
A girl is messing up her hair
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
A man is phoning
A man is getting into a car
Two crocodiles are floating in a green colored swimming pool near some playing kids
Two children go sledding.
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.
make or become harder
A dog runs through shallow water.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
One woman is peeling a potato
A male is dancing
A dog is scattering a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
A young boy is jumping out of the water
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
A brown dog is running through green grass.
There is no woman dancing and singing in the rain
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping on the ground
watery rot on produce caused by fungus
Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud bangs
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
A man and a woman are walking across a rope bridge.
A lone biker is jumping in the air
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
the armed forces
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
A girl is by a tree hanging upside-down from a swing.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
A boy looking at a computer screen.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
Crowd gathered in streets waving brightly colored flags.
A dog is chasing a ball on the grass
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
A man in a white shirt is dancing with a woman in black.
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
abstain from eating.
A man is escaping a rising swamp
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
The woman is stirring meat in a bowl
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
leave out, omit, prevent from entering
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a clean wall
Four young men are exploding and a car is standing still behind them
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are outside
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
A man is not drawing on a digital dry erase board
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
A cat song is being played on a piano
The man is eating cereal
The woman is not waterskiing
A baby tiger is playing with a ball
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
A herd of deer is crossing the street
There is no woman slicing a potato
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
regulate or set the time of (a clock)
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
There is no man singing and playing the guitar
A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling
Men with hats on stand outside of a white tent.
The person is drawing
give someone credit for something.
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
There is no kid playing guitar
A dog is carrying something pink in its mouth while walking through the snow.
A motorbike rider is running over a man 
the act of forming or establishing something.
a boat moving in a river.
The cat isn't licking milk from a saucer
A horse is standing
There is no man running down the road
the act of  damaging something, causing breakage
A dog standing near snow looking at water.
A white woman is standing on a woman dressed in blue on a stage
A dog swims through the water.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
A brown dog is calmly standing in the water
the activity of putting something in written form.
any activity that occupies a person's attention.
A pale dog runs down a path.
an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12.
Two dogs in water as a man looks on from a dock.
be in some specified state or condition.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
A black dog jumping over tire tracks in the snow.
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
Potatoes are being sliced by a woman
A concentrated woman is playing flute
cause to go into a solution.
A little boy is kicking up his feet in the water.
A woman is not riding a horse
a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
give away something that is not needed
A brown dog running through grass.
A man is standing on a train and resting his hand on his lap
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
move or sway in a sinuous fashion
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
The riders are fencing in a boy's metal bike
make sense of; assign a meaning to.
two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal
The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing arm floats
The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella
A woman is putting a baby in a waste bin
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks
act of distributing
Two women posing with a baby.
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
A brown and black dog is running through the leaves
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
Someone is playing with a frog
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach.
A boy is jumping off the side of a water fountain made of stone in front of a building
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
Four children on stools in a diner.
The dogs play in the snow.
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
The man is hiking in the woods
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
(Literally) sound with resonance.
A dog is jumping in the air trying to catch a red Frisbee.
The man waeribng a helmet is riding a dirt bike over rocks.
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
A small monkey is walking in the river
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
A man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
Two young children wearing sunglasses
Racers are running down a track
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
The dog is running through a field.
take in marriage.
Two women are dancing
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning.
A man in a batman suit running.
Two blond women are sitting by a fountain.
A man in a red uniform is swiftly making a jump in a dirt bike race
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
A boy hanging from a jungle gym
The snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill
a social set or clique of friends
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for a camera
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
Three dogs playing in the green water.
(finally) do something or be somewhere
A dog is in an area full of sand, with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
move as a crowd or in a group.
The brown dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in it's mouth.
(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil.
a large room
any accounting period of 12 months.
A man is cleaning a dish
make or become more narrow or restricted.
(cause to) become less intense or strict
Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).
A lemur is hanging on a rope
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
A person is wearing grey pants on a snowboard
A great dog is climbing a steep hill
the ability to recall things
A passenger train waiting in a station.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
The tan dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
Two boys in a field kicking a soccer ball.
A brown and white dog running on grass.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
A woman is cracking some eggs into a bowl
A man is shooting with a bow
the act of rending, tearing, ripping
A small yellow dog runs on a beach
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete, Barrett said.
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing.
The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
There is no man playing guitar next to a drummer
a lid or top of a container
A man in a shirt dyed purple is walking away from a man in a black shirt, who is serious
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach
The man is putting away the guitar in the guitar case
A young, topless woman is covered in paint
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
There is no person slicing an onion
A woman is not frying some food
A man is standing bare-chested beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
the activity of managing or exerting control over something.
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
Children jumping on a trampoline.
the act of beginning something new.
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
A group of people standing outside of a building.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
The gloves are off, said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
An animal is biting someone's finger
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
A wet dog is splashing through shallow water.
change the key of, in music.
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
A girl with a black bag is on a crowded train
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
have in mind as a plan or purpose
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
A woman is sewing with a machine
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove
The boy is not cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
A climber is parking with the children by a small statue
The woman in a red costume is not leaning against a brick wall and is not playing an instrument
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player.
become liquid or fluid when heated.
A man has a chainsaw and is carving a block of ice.
The man is not performing a large jump
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets
A field of black faced sheep.
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
hold, contain within
A man is singing passionately
Two boys on a couch are reading a book
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
the trait of being well behaved.
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
Three men are jumping on a wall
Red double decker bus with hood up.
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
Two people are playing ping pong
Two brown dogs barking at each other.
The boy is riding a tricycle
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
play a stringed instrument with a bow
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
A dead bird is near a black man sitting on a tree
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch
give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are running in the grass
A cat with a white coat, perched on a small wooden cabinet, is looking outside the window
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
A plane flying at a distance.
A person is folding a sheet
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into a pond
Some women are talking
(the content of) a communication.
People in costumes are sitting in the street
There is no woman slicing a green pepper
The man is denying an interview
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in the grass
A female cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a male cheerleader
money in the form of bills or coins.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
Someone is playing a piano
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city
reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
A small white dog is running across a lawn
A group of children wearing the same clothes is waiting at a gate and one is kissing the mother
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
(The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.
A sports team poses on the field.
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen
A girl is wearing a pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in the grass
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by the woman
continue a certain state, condition, or activity.
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
the act of moving, turning something
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children
take apart into its constituent pieces.
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda
gain points in a game; add up (numbers)
There is no woman playing with two young boys at a park
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
A dog runs through the snow.
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
A white Jeep parked on a street.
A bicycle is being ridden by the little boy in a race
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
A man is not playing a flute
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
Makeup is being put on the man by the woman
The man is slicing potatoes
scoop up, as if with a ladle
There is no young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
The man is not riding a mechanical bull
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
A dog zips along the beach.
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
A man is removing the garlic from some slices of bread
be or have a quality of being
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
the lower part of anything.
to cause to become quiet
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
A man is carrying a tree
There is no person riding a jetski in the waves
There is no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo
Several children playing in a ball pit.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
A soccer player is scoring a goal
A tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
Black and white dog leaping for Frisbee.
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
The elephant is being ridden by the woman
the state of being in working order
Any activity that acquires a person's attention.
take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
Two dogs run down a dirt path in the forest.
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
A plane flying near the sunset.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury.
an exclusive group of people.
Several large dogs are running through a large grassy area.
The lady is adding cheese to the sauce
any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate.
a unit of military aircraft.
A soccer player in a red uniform just kicked a ball.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Three dogs are up to their necks in water.
searching for or buying goods or services.
A girl in a red and white costume standing on the street.
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
Runners are not taking part in the race
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
the status of being a champion.
A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
Domestic cat looking out window.
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
A boy holding a large foam wand waves it near a swimming pool.
A young girl going down a tube slide.
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.
come up, as of liquid or gas
hold in a tight grasp.
An old man is sitting in a field
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from a white, vertical rock.
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A man is putting away a guitar
A young girl in a coat made for winter is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
Nobody is folding a piece of paper
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
give pleasure to or be pleasing to.
A black and brown cat is eyeing a fly
A dog is running along a beach with a red object in its mouth.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.
A dog jumps of a surfboard
start to burn or burst into flames.
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare).
The brown dog is jumping in the air
a young man wearing a green shirt in jumping in the air
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
a major branch of a tree
Three men are looking into the distance
Incline or bend; changle configuration.
create an image or likeness of.
Some people are sitting on the ground outside a monument
serve as the inciting cause of.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
A bee is clinging to a yellow flower
A rhino is grazing in a field
There is no person cutting some ginger
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain
beat severely with a whip or rod.
Three dogs play by a lake.
There is no man loading a rifle with bullets
Two boys playing in water.
The panda bear is resting on the logs
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
A girl with a purple and white helmet is riding on a scooter.
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl
The act of testing something.
Two men are competing in a tire rolling race
A young girl wearing glasses and an orange t-shirt blows a large clear bubble.
I think it should have been released years ago, said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
A man walking two dogs down a street.
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
The kitten is playing with a toy
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos
a person who plants or detonates explosives
A man is abruptly falling off a horse on a track laid in the wild
A man is riding a motorbike
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
move very slightly.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.
a dog pounces on the grass.
define; determine essential qualities of
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)
Two daschunds are playing with a red ball
There is no man standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
A dog is looking at something near the water.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks
move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern.
There is no man tying a shoe
A small white dog running across a lawn.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
remove from a position or office.
Brown dog running on the beach.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back
make or become wider or more extensive
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan
The man is talking on the telephone
There is no brown dog jumping in the air
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands
Three people preparing to canoe.
A tan skinned kid is looking at the camera
A person is frying some food
protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up.
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves.
A person is sitting and wearing a grass hat
A man is slicing potatoes
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
Three boys are resting on rocks along a river
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
leave or give by will after one's death.
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
Three men are practicing karate in a field
prefer or wish to do something.
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
The man is fasting
Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.
treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace.
A large brown dog and small black dog walk on the snow.
I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
something that is desired intensely.
A group of people are looking and taking photos of something off camera.
A brown dog is running through the grass panting.
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
The person is not writing with a pencil
The seagull is floating on the water.
Two dogs running through tall grass.
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
Okra is being cooked in a pan
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
Two dogs in a stream.
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
A boy is looking at a calendar
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
There is no woman cutting broccoli
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
Two cows are fighting in a pasture by a man
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity
One panda is eating a bamboo cane
There is no man shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen
A man and a woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
A man jumping his dirt bike.
A man is riding a mechanical bull
the act of choosing among alternatives
Three children playing in hay
A child catcher reaching out his MIT to catch a ball.
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
(attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
tell or spread rumors.
A dog runs through a very wooded area.
Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
move to and fro.
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms, Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
Some persons are singing
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward
A young child is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
People sitting on the porch.
A biker is naked
A bike is being ridden over a monkey
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
the quality of being unlike or dissimilar.
A dog is jumping on a trees in the shades
cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
bring in to consonance
A dog is running through the ocean.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
A relation of affinity or harmony between people.
A man is playing a flute
There is no veteran showing things from a war to some people
Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman's hair.
A man is carelessly dropping a frog
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
The boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain
decree, issue an order
put into or keep in a stall
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
the act of examining resemblances.
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
The man is playing a piano
It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses, said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
equip with a fuse
There is no tan skinned child looking at the camera
A duck floating in the water.
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls
A woman is storing broccoli
I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers, said McKechnie.
A player is running with the ball
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government.
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
defining, distinctive form or shape of something
The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window
The cat is playing with a watermelon
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
a boy plays in the fountains.
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of a bowl by a woman
be opposite.
A woman and a dog rowing down a wide river.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
The little girl is riding a bicycle in a race
Someone is scratching the back of an animal
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
A harp is being played with a hat by a man
Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
The girl is erasing the other man's work from the board
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons.
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
The boy is enthusiastically playing in the mud
A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull.
a man dressed in a batman costume.
A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching
A large tennis ball is being used to teach a dog to run in the grass and catch it with its mouth
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
There is no man standing near the water and holding fishing poles
The small child is wading through the water and is being guided by another person
an onerous or difficult concern.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
secrete or form water
A person is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
There is no baby tiger playing with a ball
A woman is not slicing an octopus
A man is jumping into a full pool
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something
reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss.
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
A white dog running on the beach.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the brush
The orange colored dices are being cast by a cook to win the pepper
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
A child pushes another child on a swing.
There are no children playing on a statue
club or association of people with a shared interest
A woman is watching the lake
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
Brown dog splashing into the water.
A man is slicing a red tomato
A little boy in a helmet is doing tricks on a skateboard.
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition
to argue or plead in favor of
exist in a certain manner, mode, or style
A boy wearing sunglasses looks straight ahead.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
A gold dog jumping off a wooden porch.
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
Two white dogs running in grass.
The young boys are not posing with a green soccer ball in a park
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on the man
There is no panda climbing
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
A black dog running along the sandy shoreline of a body of water while two ducks swim nearby.
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines, said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
the date on which an obligation must be repaid.
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
The white dog is running through a white posts on an obstacle course.
prove capable or fit; meet requirements.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
A boy on a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and a hat and has knees which are covered in snow
place or set apart.
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man
A tan dog is pulling a red sled in the snow.
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle
the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
hit before it touches the ground.
develop in a positive way.
Two green and white trains on tracks.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
the act of hiring something or someone.
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
A black dog carries a white toy in his mouth and walks on the snowy field.
A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink
A colored toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass
a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
Two children are hanging on a large branch
The skateboarder is jumping in the air
A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open.
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
Two people are looking at a statue made of gold
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
A woman is peeling a potato
We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose, Ellison said.
Baby with blonde pigtails in yellow room attempting to climb out of green playpen.
A small monkey is walking through water
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
The white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives.
I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else, Parrish said.
A black girl with no bikini is wearing a hat at the beach
A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
loss of ability to function normally.
elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration.
A brown and white dog exiting a yellow and blue ramp in a grassy area.
Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist
overcome with astonishment or disbelief
The woman is adding cheese to the sauce
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
collect discarded or refused material.
the act of throwing a baseball
A man and a woman on a bench.
a long, thin implement, usually made of wood
Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations
make a ticking sound
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths
an energetic attempt to achieve something.
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
A man is removing some food from a box
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
a concentrated example of something.
Small children are climbing a statue in a park
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
A person is driving the white car
The person is playing with a skull
secrete or form water, as tears or saliva.
A woman is not slicing carrots
The man is cautiously operating a stenograph
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee.
A man is not cutting an onion
(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence.
the act of fastening things together.
the act of chipping something.
A girl is awakening
A toy train is hitting a toy car
This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
A man is chopping a log with an axe
A young girl riding a brown horse.
A group of people is holding food and pointing at the camera
Two dogs are running through a green yard
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
pass into a state or condition
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
A bird flies above the water.
have a wish or desire to know something.
wear away or erode.
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply
a continuous horizontal layer of brick
be a sign or indication of.
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
remove shells or husks from.
The bicyclist is riding on a city street
A woman is cutting fruit
A group of people are dancing at a concert
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
There is no cat sliding upside down under a couch
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
There are no little boys playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
A dog is running on the ground
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
A man is playing a violin
the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
A close-up of a brown horse.
the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface).
produce buds, branches, or germinate.
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
Red double decker bus driving down street.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
shine brightly, like a star or a light.
Two men are not holding fishing poles
a black dog swimming through a river.
A woman is sitting on the grass and is drinking from a water bottle
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing a ball
A fish is being sliced by a man
A boy is staring at a calendar
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
A man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it.
The man is not talking on the phone
People are clustered around a bonfire at night
a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object.
There is no snowboarder doing a flip over a mound of snow
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
 have sex with
bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
Two men in hats pose together.
The two boys play in the field.
the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
Ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
Two people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
A man is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
A man is sitting in a field
A woman is slicing a cucumber
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
The cow is grazing in a field.
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
physically inflate
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
People are walking
warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness.
Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
Somebody is playing the guitar
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down a hill
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
The man is training
Two Orthodox priests stand on the steps outside a church.
The woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
A boy is walking across a bridge
the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
A woman is putting away the garlic
Mimes are performing on a small stage
bring into general popular/common use
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
A man and a woman are shaking hands
Two dogs are shaking water off.
mark with a scar.
A black and brown dog is eyeing a fly
move to a new location, state, or situation
A bicycle is being ridden by a man
The drums are being played by the man
Three dogs are running in a field.
cause to be in a state or location
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by a cat
A person is spreading butter on a tray
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it
A small boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
A woman is surfing
A woman in a green coat is standing near a pay phone.
There is no person pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
A dog leaping over a chain.
abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey.
Some boys being dressed with a carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos 
A little boy with a bib is watching the camera
Four athletes are with a man in a crowded stadium
have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
smother, surpress or lessen something
A child in a graduation gown throws the cap in the air.
A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
There is no seated woman singing a song and playing the guitar
A dog comes out of the water with a ball in his mouth.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup
A man is idling
make something, usually for a specific function.
regard with consideration or respect
The small boy is standing in the forest
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
A girl is playing a wind instrument
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
make even or more even.
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
A young boy wearing a blue visor swings a bat.
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates
an area that is approximately central within some larger region.
pass into a specified state or condition.
A girl is brushing her hair
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of.
The person is not standing on white ice
A horse is running
A person on a bmx bike.
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose
A person is singing and playing a guitar
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
One cat is playing with a watermelon
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
The doctors are not reviving a man
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
The people are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant
The kittens are eating the food on the trays
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
A brown dog squating on grass.
injure by turning or rotating
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way, he said.
keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction.
A dog swims in the water.
Three men are practicing karate outdoors
The man is lowering barbells
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama
Change one for another
A green car parked at a saloon.
They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears, Bush said.
(Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
A brown dog biting a horse's leg.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention
A girl blows on a dandelion.
A white and brown dog is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
A topless person with a back pack is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
A person is tearing paper
A black faced sheep.
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
The act of coming to rest after a voyage.
The man is aiming a gun
the day before today
A group of football players running down the field.
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
Two people wearing winter clothes stand near a pole in a winter scene.
A brown puppy is gnawing a wooden post that is stuck into the ground
A mountain is being climbed by two men
This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting, said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
piece (something old) with a new part.
A tiger is walking around with no aim
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
A brown dog running through the woods.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
People and camels at a beach.
organize or be responsible for.
the act of starting something.
having responsibility for managing or supervising
make a tour of a certain place.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate).
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden
The brown dog is not sniffing the back of a small black dog
The man is riding a mechanical bull
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.
Two toddlers are sleeping in a wagon, which is really small
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a dirty road
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.
A small black and white dog paddles in some clear blue water.
The brown and black dog is over top of the white dog.
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
handle effectively.
organize (the production of something) into an industry.
The black and white dog is running indoors
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg.
The small child is not wading through the water and is not being guided by another person
A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park
Three children playing in sand at beach
There is no dog playing in a field of brown grass
A chimp is angrily kicking a target
A man on a bike nest to a river.
A brown dog is staring attentively at a brown and white dog
A small black dog is in the grass.
A tan dog standing on the snow looking into the woods.
The person is boiling noodles
A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument
A surfer is falling off the wave
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants
take in (mentally or physically)
The people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
A man in a purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has a man looking at a dog doing a funny face painted on it.
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
A tiger is walking around aimlessly
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors
A dog with a blanket dyed in blue is running through the grass
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code
two woman sit on a park bench.
three dogs playing on a beach
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
A man is not participating in a bmx race
A woman is riding a scooter towards the water
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
A brown and white dog is biting a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
A medium sized brown and white streaked dog is running through tall grass.
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
perform or supervise a ritual
Birds fly low over water.
sheep standing in afield.
There is no black and white dog jumping for a ball
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.
be in or establish communication with
fall out of the pod or husk.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
Two dogs in a yard.
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to a brown dog
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him
cause to be hanging or suspended.
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
a dog stands in the white snow.
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
Two children are crouching under some metal bars
Someone is playing piano
The man is granting an interview
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
A man is boiling noodles in water
The woman is pouring oil into the pan
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
The drums are being played by a man
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices
an image that is generated by a computer.
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy
The man is cleaning the drawing on the board
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area
There is no butter being added to the stand mixer
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
A brown dog wearing a chain around its neck is shaking it head.
The woman is peeling a potato
The dog is in the air above the grass.
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
A man is laying a cover over a wild horse that is falling on the track
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
the price of a good or service
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
a knapsack, bundle on the back
A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer
A light brown dog is running up a street
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is walking on the beach
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on the sandy beach
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
Some ferrets are climbing down from a shelf
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the beach
Fly in or on a glider plane
lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
time to come
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
The man is slicing bread
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
make impure; make radioactive
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass
the power to use something or someone.
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
A soda is being opened and drunk by a woman
A golden dog is running on the grass.
become less interesting or attractive.
Some cats are playing with each other
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.
strike with horror or terror.
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail
A dog is opening a jar of food
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
One man is turning on the microwave
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A girl is running with a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans
The guitar is being played by nobody
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
There is no man wiping the edge of a bowl
A little boy is in a tire
a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible.
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge
Two people are standing on a bench
There is no woman slicing tofu
A boy standing on a beach.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
A man on a motorcycle is turning around a corner
informal terms for the leg.
The girl isn't jumping onto the car recklessly
A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone
There is no girl playing the piano
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
organize anew, as after a setback.
A woman is being massaged by a man
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
a region allocated to hold something
A skateboarder in mid-air above an indoor ramp.
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
the act of putting something somewhere.
Two children are lying in the snow and are drawing angels
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
A man wearing a white helmet is in the water.
A black dog walks through a rocky, grassy landscape under a blue, cloudy sky.
A cat is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background
A man and a woman are walking nicely
A bicycle in a dining room.
A grey silky dog is running in the grass and a brown dog looks on
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
urge with or as if with a goad.
A man is slicing a carrot with a knife
the rate of moving (especially walking or running).
The dog is running across the gravel
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
A black and white dog is playing with a frisbee in a brown field
There is no woman placing skewers onto a rack
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus
work as a tinker or tinkerer.
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
The man is racing for the lead 
Two men and a girl in behind of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
regain or make up for.
The man is cutting a paper plate
One young lady is jumping on the car
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.
Two people sitting on a dock.
People are walking through a crowded street
The woman is cracking two eggs into a bowl made of glass
come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority.
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
We were seconds away from having that happen, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
A woman is slicing a vegetable
A dog is running uphill
arrange a program of or for.
Two girls are sitting on the ground
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
a soft pad placed under a saddle.
A man is playing a guitar under a windows
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line
A little girl is riding a horse in the woods.
expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
Two mountain climbers stand on the ridge of a tall, snowy mountain.
A guitar is being played by a girl
a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important.
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
A person playing football is running past an official carrying a football
There is no man playing a harp
A girl, who is little, is playing a grand piano on stage
move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
make a dry crackling sound.
a man doing a trick on skateboard
Child holding an object that is on fire.
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
A little brown and white dog is running on the road
A light brown dog is sprinting in the water
an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
A man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
make a written note of something
The woman is poking holes in the potato
A boy is playing a piano
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
A dog with a tan coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law.
A dog is playing with a toy
There is no dog running with a volleyball
any address at which you dwell more than temporarily.
a discipline, a branch of knowledge
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal
A man is frying a tortilla
Children in swimming suits are playing in the water
(cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound
A small group of people is waiting to eat in a restaurant
A black and white dog is dropping a baseball from its mouth
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
speed up the progress of; facilitate.
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
A basketball player is on the court floor and another one is grabbing the ball
Two men are walking through the water
the state of inactivity following an interruption.
the system of production and distribution and consumption.
A few men are watching cricket
The women are dancing outside
A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
A dog is rolling from side to side
There is no man exercising
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
A few people are dancing
A woman is playing with a brown dog in a garden
A woman runs on the beach.
A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
return to a former condition.
Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
A young man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean
the act of moving from one place to another.
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.
Three people in a glass structure.
remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing.
A woman is standing at the beach with a dog on a leash
A skateboarder sliding on a rail.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A woman in a short skirt and boots.
A lady is standing near three children
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
the act of informing by verbal report.
maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
Somebody is boiling okra in a pot
Amount that can be contained
have a great affection or liking for.
A person is cooking some food
The man is skillfully playing the guitar
Four happy people sitting on a red couch
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
There is no woman beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A man is disassembling the drum
cause to happen or be responsible for.
A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench
Remove water from a substance.
A white dog with brown spots is running in a yard, chasing a ball.
conform to a metrical pattern.
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
Children in swimming suits are not playing in the water
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
A lick of milk sauce is being given to the cat
the act of attaching or affixing something.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
A couple is looking at a map
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
A group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
A girl in a band is playing the flute
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
Understand the meaning of something.
the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something.
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
The flute is being played by a woman
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
create code, write a computer program.
There is no monkey wading through a marsh
act of applying force
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
Two children are rolling in muddy water
There are no children playing and waiting
the activity of leading.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
A black dog lies on the grass.
the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible.
One woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and using a whisk made of wire
A person is being kicked by a monkey
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
A boy in a blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
A bike rider on a ramp.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
A couple standing on the curb
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
a state of exposure to harm
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
the way something conforms to a shape
the act of appraising, critiquing something
move in an irregular course
a man and woman walking past a record shop
sell or transport an item or idea abroad
Music is being performed by four people outdoors
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads
A young girl with roller blades and green foliage in the background.
A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
A black and white dog jumps in the air near a red Frisbee.
the consequence or aftermath of something
The young boy is not running through the ocean waves
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree
to hunt snipe
feel the need to eat.
signify or mean to express or convey
A woman is squeezing a lemon
Four dogs splashing in the water
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
A group of people is singing
the entering of a legal document into the public record.
The back of a small black dog is being sniffed by the brown dog
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition.
Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
cause to be interested
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
A woman is playing with a brown cat on a garden path
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
Two teammates are lifting a football player in a red and white uniform
Hay is being eaten by a cow
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
A man is rising from a swamp
A kid is playing guitar
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are lying in the snow
There is no man in a grey t-shirt sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
A woman is cutting butter
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
a group of nations having common interests.
The person is peeling an onion
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
The people are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
A child is falling asleep
The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
A skateboarder sliding down a stair rail.
A dog jumps through water.
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
A golden retriever is running
The act of dividing or disconnecting.
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
Four kids are doing backbends in the park
A small dog jumping over hurdles.
A person is shirtless and is putting down the beer
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush
The person is in the snowy mountains.
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
the general activity of selling.
A bird sits in a tree.
There is no man in a red uniform making a jump in a dirt bike race
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
flog or whip
A young girl is diving into a pile of brown leaves in the yard.
Complain; talk in a tearful manner.
create an edge or border
A white dog runs on the grass.
The man is slicing some potatoes
make believe with the intent to deceive.
study intensively, as before an exam.
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
The sheep is standing under the trees.
The black dog is not walking along a tree trunk bridge over water
Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now, he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
Three ice skaters round a corner.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
a social system of production, distribution and consumption
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand
The group of people is sitting in a dim room
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the water and looking right at the camera
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision, Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
the act of rubbing a surface
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria
Two animals sitting on a rock.
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the seashore
The woman is handling a frog
This child was literally neglected to death, Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
move (as if) by lowering
the act of drawing or hauling something.
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
A woman is cutting an octopus
A brown dog is running through tall green grass
A blonde lady is looking at a tower
A monkey is riding a bike
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
A man is pointing at a silver sedan
A young couple is not lying in bed
Engrave by means of dots.
amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over wall full of graffiti
A big brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor
A blond kid is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
A boy is effortlessly climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
A brown and white dog standing in a yard.
Two children are climbing a tree
It''s absurd, Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
A man sits on a horse with mountains in the background.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud, prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head
A dog is rolling on the ground
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to.
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
a unit of atmospheric pressure
There is no woman driving a car and talking to the man seated beside her
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
cause to become widely known.
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
A man is riding a bicycle
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
Young baby girl sitting on table.
The bike is being ridden by a girl in a strange outfit
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
A man is wearing a hard hat and dancing
a section of a composition, textual or musical
a way or means to achieve something.
the justification for some act or belief.
A door is being opened by a man
an impression that something might be the case.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
A camera is being hammered onto the nail by the man
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
A boat is sailing quietly over the water
A young girl sliding down a black pole.
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
A person is not playing a keyboard
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
A brown dog runs through the water as a wave comes.
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on the green grass
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
A horse and its rider are leaping over a barrier
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
We're being hyper-vigilant, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
the state of owing something (especially money).
the act of entering a structure
A lone bicyclist is putting down a bike
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat
The man is not walking along a path through the wilderness
A man is putting some cheese on a pizza
A kid is playing the piano
There aren't many people in the ice skating park
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
a large or extra supply of something.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules, Parrish said.
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
an instance of halting some motion
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
A person with a green shirt is jumping onto the grass
A dog and a red ball in the air.
A man is working on the computer
(cause to) come to rest on a surface
The woman is holding a whole tomato
make visible by means of chemical solutions.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
A man is pouring cleaner into the sink
The train sits at the train station.
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
the public submission of a legal record
an aptitude that may be developed.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
A tiger is walking outside a cage
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
A man is riding an elephant while another person is touching the elephant's head.
A man is dancing on the floor
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are sniffing
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
make new.
a visual representation of something.
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
allow to have.
Some children are playing on a statue
have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of.
A man on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera
the upper part of a column that supports the entablature.
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string.
A black dog is shaking off water.
A man is powerfully kicking a soccer ball
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
A surfer is surfing a small wave
The sun is not shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress
the act of colliding with something.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
The woman is cooking eggs
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is lying down
Two brown dogs are playing with the frisbee in the water
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
acknowledge a contribution or cause
the act of providing incentive to someone
the opening page of a web site.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
A small child is showing excitement on a swing set at the park
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near a stack of blocks on table
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
sharpen a razor with a strap
A group of people are in the water.
A person is removing the butter from a tray
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small
The man is feeding the snake with an animal
Some men are running a race
a computer program that performs system support
a quantity of money.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
hold or place in equilibrium
(cause to) be overlaid with something
to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize
Sign language is being used by a young girl
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
Two brown dogs play in the water.
go up or advance.
Two toddlers are eating on a really small wagon full of corndogs 
A woman is showing a puppy to an infant
A man is leading the race
GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
Two children hug one another.
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
A woman is frying some food
Woman and dog in rowboat on the water.
The boys are standing and burning a car
Two women sitting on a bench by the water.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
be or act in association with.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
A person with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground
to wind or move in a spiral course.
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and one is kissing the mother
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
A white dog runs by pine trees in the snow.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
Two men are doing a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people
the status or fact of being elected.
A woman is slicing an octopus
become or cause to become soft or liquid.
A bunch of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
A woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms
A person in pink is running onto the field
A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice
The person is not flying through the air on a bicycle
A woman taking her own photo from above.
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
A dog with really long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
A man is cutting onions
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
a wet dog chasing a white ball
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion.
take out or up with or as if with a scoop.
Some kittens are eating
An ice skater is outdoors performing on a rink full of people
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on the dog
One small child is greedily drinking water from the cup
A blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field.
make less hostile; win over.
an automobile race run over public roads.
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
get the meaning of something.
Three bottles are on a table.
A surfer catching a big wave in the ocean.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf isn't riding a bike
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
He hasn't got much choice, said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
Some bikers are not getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted
And I really liked him, and I still do.
The dogs are running through the water
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
A man is drawing on a board
carry out or complete an activity
Two dogs run on the beach.
A child is playfully swimming underwater in a pool
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	I was in the water for about eight seconds.
draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs.
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
A blond-haired boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a large, fallen tree limb outdoors in grassy meadow.
Small office space with bright green walls.
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A woman is slicing butter
the act of spending, disbursing funds
A little dog is running on the sand
A lemur is hanging on a cord
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
A light brown dog is running in the water.
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
Sports team poses on field with crowd in the background.
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
Two men are fighting in a pen for cattle
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a male cheerleader
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
Two men are fighting
the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original).
A child in a white shirt standing in a field of grass.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
A tattoo is being drawn by the woman in the white sweater on the hand of a teenager
the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
give a structure to.
Two children are stretching over some metal bars
a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken).
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
Someone is holding a hedgehog
A woman runs beside a concrete wall.
Puppy playing with a tennis ball on an orange rug.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
A man in a red jacket is standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean
A brown dog is jumping in the water
A person is pouring olive oil into the stove from a pot
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
The small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
A dog swims while carrying a stick in its mouth.
The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
Two dogs are walking slowly through a park
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled.
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
A parrot is speaking
rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash.
A woman is talking to a man
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
A white and brown dog is pacing through the water with difficulty
An Asian woman is holding a fur scarf
A little black dog is running on the snow.
Many cars parked on a mountain.
One man in a big city is holding up a sign and begging for money
be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
take action or behave in a certain way
spend time in prison
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
allow the passage of air
A classroom is full of students
A brown and black dog is looking upwards
The man in the brown jacket is sitting on the ground by the jetty.
be or come into conflict
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
A man climbing a rock-face.
A woman is sitting in the water.
the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
A brown and white dog running into the water
A woman and a man with a blue shirt are posing for a photograph.
recovery or preservation from loss or danger.
Two women are happily dancing
A person standing on a ridge in the desert.
There is nobody jumping in the air on a board
A yellow dog is chasing a ball
induce into action by using one's charm.
a project or undertaking
react verbally.
throw into great confusion or disorder.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
A woman, who is old, is near a dog that has a white coat
(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar.
an appraisal of the value of something.
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
Two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
Someone is adding ingredients to a pot
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp
A woman is preparing a skillet for the eggs
Three dogs are playing in the water.
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean
any large deep body of water.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
The teens are talking to a boy and a girl with a webcam
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
the United States, especially the North during the Civil War
give to a charity or good cause.
The man is a guitar player
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
A surfer is riding the wave
A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face
Let's show we won't let them off, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
Black train idle on the tracks.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
The woman is picking up a baby kangaroo
The group of people is not sitting on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman
There are no dogs playing in the snow
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees
a part of a forked or branching shape.
A little boy in blue shorts, glasses, and a coat stands in the surf.
A man is talking on a cell phone
Two kids are doing martial arts on a blue mat
Two black and white dogs running in a field.
Somebody is playing the piano
A shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is biting a bucket
A snowboarder is jumping off the snow
One woman is slowly peeling a potato
A guitar is being played by a baby
A little dog is sprinting and the person who owns it is trying to catch it
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
A boy and a girl are playing on the outdoor gym
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
Two cubs are playing
A dog with a blue muzzle is running around the yard with a jacket
the act of changing one thing for another thing.
make more common, uniform or general
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
The person is carefully slicing a potato
The woman is putting makeup on the man
A white dog running over a bridge.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
There is no man speaking on a podium
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green vehicle
Several people are in front of a colorful building
Two boys wearing matching blue swim caps swim in a lake.
The guitar player is loving one girl
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
A man is riding an electric bicycle
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
A man is using a knife to open a box
There is no dog in a colored coat running across the yard
We have found the smoking gun, investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.
A cute panda is lying down
exercise, or have the power of, memory.
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
An instance or action of being incorrect.
A side view of a horse's head.
make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed.
A black and white rally car takes the turn.
react to in a certain way.
A paper plate is being cut by a man
There is no dog riding a skateboard
relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
set forth as an introduction or preface
Two children in a field of red flowers.
A man with a hard hat is dancing
an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron
A surfer rides out the green and white waves.
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
A group of children is playing in the house and there is no man standing in the background
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
The young boy in the blue shirt is not jumping into the water
An airplane is taking off
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
An onion is being sliced
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
the act of applying paint to a surface.
cause to be agitated, excited, or roused.
The family is posing by a mantel and a Christmas tree
imagine; form a mental picture of something
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
A ball is being chased by a yellow dog
strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third.
A black animal is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
go around the rim of
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
A woman does a handstand on the beach.
Two cats are playing with a red ball
Four boys are sitting in a muddy stream.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
There is no man walking outside
an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces
A person is not tearing paper
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
There is no man playing the guitar loudly
A person is holding up an electronic device
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
A baby is not playing with a doll
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on a slide
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
A black climber is rocking a dog
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view
thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing.
exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
A girl is standing alone and wears a black shirt and pink beads
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
the act of changing one thing or position for another.
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
Drinking milk helps a cat's hunger
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something.
A band is performing on a stage
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
some football players in red jerseys taking another in a white jersey to the ground
A man is falling off a horse on a track and is laid in the wild
put into a certain place or abstract location.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
The person is not slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
like better; value more highly.
an address used for postal communication
A gray bird is flying over the water.
provide veterinary care for.
A baby girl in a brown snowsuit plays in the snow.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
A cat looking at the camera.
A biker on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
A man wearing a helmet, floating in the water.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball
A child is smashing a snow ball
the introductory section of a story.
Two little white dogs are playing in the snow.
lengthen or extend in duration or space.
The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person stands behind it
put up with something or somebody unpleasant.
A puppy running along a street.
lessen in force or effect.
Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.
A few men in a competition are running outside
A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Two officers with orange jackets stand outside a white tent with onlookers.
A man and a woman are not eating
make (more) comprehensible
Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.
A dog is barking
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
a prediction of the course of a disease.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
A boy is running through the grass
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
An woman that is old is shaking hands with a man
There is no woman slicing a carrot
make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
A man walks over a small sign carrying his bicycle.
People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
a mold for setting concrete.
The woman is putting away a flute
Three boys playing soccer.
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man
Two young girls with dyed hair talk to two boys in black.
Nobody is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
Two people are arguing near a crowd
A girl riding a brown horse.
A cat reclines on an office chair.
A man in a black outfit is taking a photograph of a man in a red jacket.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
A man rock climbing.
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note
A woman is not peeling a potato
Two animals are running through the park
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
The man is clumsily kick boxing with a trainer
A dog is not running towards a ball
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome
A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle
A woman is amalgamating eggs
A dog is far from the red ball in the air
extend in a different direction.
The woman is dicing garlic
A woman is slicing carrots
Nobody is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
A woman is serving volleyballs over a net
The person is practicing the guitar
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
A man is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
A woman is ignoring a man
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously, he said.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city
A boy in a red shirt is in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera
A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog
make coincide in time or operation
be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event.
a man and a woman posing for a picture
stain with a dirty substance
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
A squirrel is running around in circles
Physically raise from a lower position.
A little girl is playing a guitar
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
A flute is being played by a girl
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
run or move very quickly or hastily.
A young boy jumping into a lake.
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
Someone is holding a small animal
A group of men play rugby.
A woman is turning her back from the view of a city
A boy is spanking a man with a toy weapon
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg
There is no dog licking a baby
An American footballer is wearing the red and white strip
A young child is barefoot and is walking past a puddle full of mud
the fashionable elite of a given community
a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near a wooded area
the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose.
A man and woman blow bubbles.
There is no surfer riding the wave
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A man is uninterestedly holding a sign and is seeking money
The woman is cleaning a shrimp
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a pyramid
A cook steps back as flames leap from a pan in a kitchen.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall
Sunglasses are being worn by a boy
A young white child is not standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing a tree in a hilly area.
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.
A man is laughing
A pizza is being eaten by a man
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate.
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
A passenger train in the snow.
A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
return to in thought or speech
severance from a social connection or tie
suggest or prescribe a solution
The monkey is practicing martial arts
Our outcomes are very encouraging, George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface.
A boy is running on the beach
A person is cleaning a pot of cooking oil
There is no cyclist on a yellow bike airborne
A black and white dog is running through grass.
An Arabic man isn't wearing a white hat
A woman is playing the flute
beat or pound rapidly
a change which is a decrease
There is no baby talking
Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
A yellow boat on shore.
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
room where work is done.
a loss of function
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets
Rollerbladers are running in formation down a hill
the act of mixing together.
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
the act of perceiving a scent
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city
A dog is jumping on a trampoline
The man is playing the guitar
The white bird is landing swiftly in the water
A surfer is leaning on a surfboard
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
A married couple is walking down the aisle
A woman waves as she rides a zip line.
A fully dressed person is behind a pile of rocks and a clear sky is in the background
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a woman with grey hair
an interpretation of a text or action.
Two pandas are not lying together
A woman is playing flute
A white dog snarls at a black dog in front of a set of steps.
A green bus drives down a road.
People stand outside a bookstore.
framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal.
The play is about a happy boy playing the piano
Two teams are competing in a football match
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
A grey dog with short hair running toward the camera.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Some water is being drunk by a cat
A woman on a boulder is lying on a blanket and reading a book
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
A young child blows on an orange wand to make a bubble.
A dog is swimming after a tennis ball
A man in a black jacket holds a microphone up to a girl's face.
A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach
a specialized division of a large organization.
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A boy is jumping off the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
A boy is standing in the water
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
A dog is catching a black frisbee
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
emphasize; draw attention to; underline
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
Some girls in their teens are dancing for the camera
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
elevated wooden porch of a house
provide or equip with furniture.
adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
A boy is attentively looking at a calendar
One panda is climbing
The boy is not playing the piano
enter a realm, become involved with
A man is doing a skateboard trick on a park porch
Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
A man is backpacking up a grassy hill.
Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, the specialist said yesterday.
The player is dunking the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
A boy, who is wearing a blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella 
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
retreat or move from a position, relocate
the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
a train in a station.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climbing on a tree branch in a grassy field.
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally.
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture.
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is not looking
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths
The men are not dancing
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
a brief statement.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
A man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass.
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
A schoolgirl with a black bag is on a crowded train
If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting, he said.
be tantamount or equivalent to.
A white dog is running across a grassy field.
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
The woman is picking up the kangaroo
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object
secondary public school, grades 9-12
Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid
A person is crouching and holding a camera
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition
A cat is thrown at the ceiling by a person
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A person is not holding a skunk
suffer failure, as in some enterprise.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
place under suspicion or cast doubt upon.
Two large park benches have a person sitting and a bottle of soda between them
A toddler is sitting in a seat
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
The puppy is not playing with a plastic container
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
The woman is not dicing garlic
A funny crowd of people is doing a skit of two boxing men
free (from restraint), let loose
an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest.
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
Five black dogs run in a field.
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
People are obviously inconvenienced, said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
a serving of a beverage
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
Many people are skating in an ice park
A woman is walking in a city street
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near the water
A cat is playing with a device
The lamb is looking at the camera.
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
Two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
The man is carefully feeding a mouse to the snake
A skier skiing down a large mountain
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
The elderly lady is waiting on the sidewalk
A baby is cheering another baby
A brown dog runs through the water in the ocean.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers
Travel on foot.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
a boat floats in the water.
The Dalmation is running through the woods.
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly
A lemon is being squeezed by a woman
The boy in the green and yellow shirt has a glove on and is going towards the ball.
A woman is leaning on a racing motorcycle
The man is lifting weights
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
the act of making up your mind about something.
A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball
Nobody is playing on a trampoline
tell or spread rumors; say
An animal is rolling from side to side in a garden
something that floats on the surface of water.
Rewrite in a different script.
the tactile (touch) quality something has
A man is standing behind the rocks with clouds on top of them
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
the crown of a flowering plant
do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function.
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on a snowboard
The cowboy is tossing the blue and red pants towards the horse
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
People sitting on a couch laugh.
Two dogs run through the grass.
the black dog carries an object in the snow.
A great dog is wildly climbing a steep hill
A girl dances on a stage.
Two children are playing
earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something.
The man on stage isn't singing into the microphone
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
The panda is eating bamboo
cause to procreate (animals).
a participant who is a beginner in some activity
Three women wearing plenty of green and shamrocks.
A man is painting a woman's face
A man with a helmet painted red is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at the front of the class
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
One white dog is staring at the black street
Rugby players are tackling each other
heat metal prior to working it
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
a style and size of typeset
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing a game
A surfer is riding a wave.
cause to move back and forth.
The little girl is looking at a man in costume
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
(cause to) survive
An onion is being chopped
A curly coated dog looking at another dog in the water.
A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick
A football player is running past an official carrying a football
A boy is saying a word
There are no men sawing
determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement
the people who dwell in a camp
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
move or gather in a hive
A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
A man is getting into a car in a garage
A woman is rowing a boat
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
The little girl is playing at the playground.
A brown and white dog is running around a pole.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
A girl in a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
A brown dog running through the grass.
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
A girl is combing the hair of a little pony's tail
provoke or stir up.
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
lessen in force, impact, or effect
go on a campaign; go off to war.
the act of climbing something.
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
an established or recognized right.
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
make a sharp sound.
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat slowly
A girl has colored patches on the cheeks
run or flow slowly
Two people are riding motorbikes
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
(medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.
Three women are running in a village
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books
make to a size; bring to a suitable size.
There is no man opening a box with a knife
sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
The man is jumping into the water.
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
register formally as a participant
There is a brown dog swimming outside with a tennis ball in its mouth.
a loud resonant repeating noise.
a context or situation that hinders or impedes
A person is putting away the mushrooms
Bicyclists are standing at an intersection.
Someone is pouring ingredients into a pot
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
take or capture by force.
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning
approach with an offer of sexual favors.
facility for secure storage of things, often money
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
A dog which is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
an onerous worry or concern
Four people standing outside of an outdoor ticket booth.
An oriental man and two women are facing a camera
The girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
A man is massaging a woman
A man and a woman pose in the snow with four children.
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance
move from one place to another.
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes.
the act of terminating a life.
A person is slicing a piece of bread
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
Two men on the side of a barge
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
A person is packing a zucchini
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
a quantity that is twice as great as another.
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a ball
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
terminate an association with.
A man is sharpening a knife
A blond kid in green is sitting on a swing
The man is riding a horse
The cat is licking a shallow dish full of milk
Left side of a silver train engine.
alternative names for the body of a human being.
There is no man playing a game on the grass
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.
want, desire or perfer to do something
examine minutely.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.
A gray dog runs along the green grass.
The dog jumps in the air running after the Frisbee.
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing a little brown dog
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity
A man is peeling an onion
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
go to see for professional or business reasons.
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
A young girl in blue is jumping in the air
Woman at table busy with something.
Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
A dog lying on its back in the sand.
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
lack of agreement or harmony.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is standing on a dirt bike
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A large green ball is hitting a potato
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the left
Some kittens are hungry
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
the disclosure of something secret.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump
the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near the end of the field
There is no man speaking on a stage
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States, Moqtada al-Sadr said.
A group of people are not dancing at a concert
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles
People are sitting near a wall
There is no cat playing a keyboard
Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.
provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
Cars driving near a model building.
A man is diving off a rock
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
A little boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.
Two men are hugging
A white dog with brown markings chases an orange ball in a grassy field.
A black dog on a beach carrying a ball in its mouth.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten.
A woman is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
the state of being excluded.
A man jumps off a rock into the water
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
relative darkness or lightness of a color.
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
the act of allowing, bestowing something
There is no man walking in the rain
A man and a woman are having a conversation
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
The elephant isn't being ridden by the woman
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
The man is seasoning the sausages
have unlawful sex with a whore.
take away a vital or essential part of.
There is no white dog standing on the leaves on the ground
A dog with a ring in its mouth is standing in water.
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
lowest employee salary permitted by law
A child goes skiing.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass
find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize
Two women sheering a sheep.
The men are in the suitcases that are being packed in the trunk of a car
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
making real or concrete
Red and white plane flying through the air.
continue to live through hardship or adversity.
People are clustered around a bonfire at morning
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
The person is playing the flute
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
Oil is being poured into the pan by the woman
A boy wearing a red shirt runs along a beach.
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
A surfer in a black wet suit surfs on a medium wave.
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
A man is hanging up the phone
Unrestricted freedom to use something.
A wind instrument is being played by a girl
A daughter is being pushed by her father on a go-kart and another girl is watching
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
The act of talking about the features of something.
A man in a blue jumpsuit is courageously performing a wheelie on a motorcycle
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a car
A person is holding a skunk
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
utter words loudly and forcefully.
A girl has black and orange patches on the cheeks
Horse standing in a field.
The act of beginning something new.
A man in a hat is playing a harp
The man is chopping the trunk of a tree with an axe
change or conform to fit new or different conditions
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
A rainbow afghan is being held by a girl in gold and purple
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against.
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
A woman in a black jersey is standing in a gym
A woman is frying something
A dog leaps over a fence.
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
examine minutely; search diligently
Three kids are sitting in the leaves
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
A monkey is wading through a marsh
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry
Different football players are teaming on a field
Five adults are sitting on a chair
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts
A man is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind
A man is playing the guitar owner
A woman is exercising
provide a feast or banquet
A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling
The man is sitting next to a birdcage
The brown dog is running in the snow
A blond child is holding a yellow bottle
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
The group of people is sitting on a rocky ledge and a scenic view is behind them
A dog is emerging from a lake
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
A young boy runs towards a blue soccer ball in front of a goal.
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the field
a person who is appointed to a job or position.
a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc).
The men are fist fighting in a ring
the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others.
A dog is biting a can
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other
bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one.
Two kids laying on a bed upside down
A child swinging on a playground play set.
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
A woman is not cutting meat
the action of putting something into operation.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
Black and white dog running through water.
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
Boat sails in rough water.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
There is no woman cooking a breaded pork chop
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.
Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a face which looks funny
A man is sitting on the beach
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
The runners are racing around a track
I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story, Fiorina said.
a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence.
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Tofu isn't being sliced by a woman
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
A woman is cutting a lemon
a group of dogs playing
A red haired girl is jumping towards a swan.
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
cause friction; wear away or erode
the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip
A man is drawing a picture
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
emit a steady even light without flames.
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
Four people are floating on a raft
A blue train in a mountainous area.
Identify, establish location or identity
A bike is ridden on the road by a young boy in a helmet 
A woman is being kissed by a man
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
the act of choosing or selecting
A seabird is flying over some rocks
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
The dog is running on grass.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
The piano is being played by someone
The young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
A man is performing a handstand on the beach
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
personnel casualty
the natural progression or development of something
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
There is no boy looking at a calendar
The elderly lady is not waiting on the sidewalk
The priest is walking down the aisle to marry a couple
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
A man on a motorcycle is not riding on one wheel
A woman is cutting broccoli
The guitar is being played by a lady
The blond girl is dancing behind the sound equipment
something that attains victory
Make marks in the surface of.
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
The boy is playing in the sand.
A man is crying
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
A person floats in water near rocks and a waterfall.
A man in a plaid shirt uses a tool by a tree.
The person is standing on white ice
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
A group of women is playing with a ball on the beach
settlement of people distant from their homeland
There is a skyscraper in the distance with a man walking in front of the camera.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
A close up of a brown faced cat.
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
Two older men in front of a bus.
A young child is watering a plant with splashes
symbolize, serve as an example of
The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.
A girl is naked and is standing on the grass
A man is emptying a container made of plastic
A man is singing to a girl
Some pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
A man in a white hat is playing guitar on stage
an aggressive willingness to compete.
cause to regain consciousness.
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the hand
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
allow the passage of air through.
No little dog is running on the sand
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event
A dog is opening a can of food
a business firm that publishes newspapers.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
People are singing and a clown is dancing
Nobody is playing with a toad
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.
A black dog retrieves a bird.
I´m very proud of the citizens of this state, Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
the event of something burning (often destructive).
stick out, jut out, protrude
A child, who is young, is wearing a white coat and playing a game
pay unsolicited sexual attention to
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with a pinwheel
A man is shooting a weapon
A woman in a coat reclines next to a payphone.
The cows feed in the trough.
the act of disturbing the mind or body.
make ready for action or use.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
undergo (as of injuries and illnesses).
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench
A baby reaching into a water fountain.
An Oklahoma football player attempts to kick the ball.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float
assembled group of spectators at a performance
the concluding section of a communication
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street
A dog leaps out of the water towards shore.
A black dog running into the water.
a disagreement or argument about something important.
the event of gradually vanishing from view
A lion is slowly walking
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
appoint to a clerical posts.
There are no white dogs running and jumping along a beach
A black helmet is being worn by a man who is pushing a bicycle
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.
(cause to) move back and forth or side to side
make pure or free from sin
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
I'm still not red-hot favourite, Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
A woman wearing a plaid skirt stands holding a cigarette.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
The tan dog is not watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond
government income due to taxation.
the translation of an opus from one language to another
the place within which an authority has power
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
A woman is marching with a pair of dogs
a method for solving a problem
The man is kicking a boxing trainer
The man is playing the piano with his nose
obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction.
There is no girl in white dancing
an allotment or percentage of something
hunt for hawks
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
A man with a white headband playing drums.
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities
A man is drawing some figures
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
There is no water being drunk by a cat
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
A woman having her picture taken in front of a large carving.
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a green mat
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
a brown dog standing in the middle of ahuge field.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
the management of someone or something.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
Two kids and a man are playing games at an arcade
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism
role or function of the head of a government department
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
bind somebody or become bound emotionally
a dog plays in the snow.
cause to be in brief contact with.
have a disagreement over something.
move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
There is a guy cheerfully playing with a footbag
A rocker is sitting with a t-shirt that has a man over a grey waterfall on the front
A person is combing the fur of a cat
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
Two persons of large size are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
A girl wearing a green jacket is standing at a stop light.
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
A white dog is standing on it's hind legs with a ball in it's mouth.
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
get rid of.
informal usage for a domestic cat, often young
an indication of some hidden activity.
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
There is no man cutting an onion
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
Two young children are walking across an open field.
A man is playing an instrument
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
A little girl in a dress playing with a soccer ball.
A group of people are dancing in a show
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
Someone is removing the peel of a banana
(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
support; hold up; nurture or provide for
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
have or contain a certain wording or form.
The man is painting
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.
tag the base runner to get him out.
shape or influence; give direction to.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
Two dogs jumping on each other.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
A woman is playing volley ball.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
render one language in another language
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
There is no motorcyclist on a bike leaning into a sharp corner
the act of sorting things into categories
the act of putting something in a certain place.
a little girl ends up at the bottom of the slide.
teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on a rail
An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
A blonds girl is surfing
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
A boy is standing in the cold water
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
person who manages money in board games
I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage, Hubbard said.
A man is riding the animal
fall between two taxonomic groups
the characteristic utterance of an animal.
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside
medium of exchange minted by a government
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
a distinctive style of clothing
free from obligations, service or confinement
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
A man is cutting a potato into pieces
have a disagreement or quarrel over something
a dog jumps into the water.
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
There is no one climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
A child with his hands on his head.
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
cause to be alert and energetic.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee outside.
A girl from Asia, in front of a window made of bricks, looks surprised
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
A man with the Monster logo shirt is surfing.
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.
There is no dog running through a field and chasing a ball
The content of a bowl is being mixed by a man
react to a stimulus or command.
Cover or back with foil.
A group of dogs run through the snowy field.
a store or supply of something
Some adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean
the act of reducing the amount or number.
go after with the intent to catch.
A couple is looking at a street guide
A girl is styling her hair
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing.
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
The woman in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
go on a campaign or off to war
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair
an indication or manifestation of something, often physical
expect, predict, or forsee something in the future
alphanumeric sequence used for identification
have sexual intercourse with.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth
There is the real potential for a secondary collapse, Gov. James McGreevey said.
The girl is riding the horse
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
The woman is playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
The woman is picking up a kangaroo that is little
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument
A dog runs through the forest with something in its mouth.
wet with a spurt of liquid.
This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals, Raymond said.
A boy is playing guitar
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting
the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over the grass
be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by.
make a schedule; plan the time and place for events.
Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.
a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk).
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
Black and white dog outdoors in muddy water, with stick in mouth.
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
The man is cutting the tape on the box
A top violin player is standing on the roof over a man
undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
A women and a dog playing outside
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
A baseball player throws the ball.
A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water
A girl is wearing sunglasses
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
Video games of two playing boys are on a couch
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
an open motorboat used for transport
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
A group of people stands in front of a yellow building.
move back and forth
A man with equipment used for climbing is under a vertical, white rock
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
the act of changing the location of something.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
Two white puppies are playing near a pool
A tan puppy being petted.
Two men are fighting in a pasture for cows
The black woman is wearing glasses over the headdress
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear
A man is cleaning the sink
A girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop
A waterfall is flowing out of a shallow pool
A backpack standing beside a train.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
The dog is having a rest in the living room
Boy and girl running along the beach.
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.
My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen, Ezzell said.
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
The guitar is being played by a girl
There is no chef preparing a meal
a skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
Two cars are racing down the track
A close-up view of a horse's head.
A child runs through the grass.
snatching or capturing a freely moving object
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
a well-known or notable person.
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
The man is playing the flute
a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
A brown puppy is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall
A man is kicking a soccer ball
the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose
take liberties or act with too much confidence.
The man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe
The man is silent and still
the act of enumerating or tallying a total
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity
Dogs are running on a track
Four people wait outside in a line for ticket.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
Cook in cream or using cream.
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
make or become brighter or lighter
a set of pieces of creative work for showing
make the surface of level or smooth.
A dog is running in a field.
A person in a green feathered costume is bending down in front of a woman with painted breasts.
a committee appointed to judge a competition.
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
A large black dog runs along the green grass.
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
remove from memory or existence.
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
A black dog and a brown and white dog running and playing.
room where work or repairs are done
The men are not talking
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
Two dogs play by a tree.
the quality of being of practical use.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
One girl in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other girl in black shorts is jumping off into the water
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
The man is playing an acoustic guitar
the act of damaging something or someone.
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
A group of people standing in the street
It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
There is no dog racing on a track
feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard.
the act of designating a role to someone
an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
a channel of social communication
The boy is checking a calendar
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking.
relative darkness of a color
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
Many cheerleaders are walking in a parade
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
make underscoring marks.
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
An old man with a grey beard is riding a bike
income collected as tax by a government
the shape of a wave in a given period of time
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.
provide a feast or banquet for.
A few people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees
This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage, said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
A skier speeds through the snow.
Many people run in a race on a street.
A girl in white is dancing
grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws
A dog running through the water.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
A group of people is on a mountain
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water
the act of damaging something, causing breakage
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
the act of applying force suddenly.
The woman is slicing herbs
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
Two kids are taking out a green colored crocodile float from a swimming pool
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
A man and a woman are standing on the curb
A man with no shirt is holding a football
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses
What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough, Covello said.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
A man in a small city is doing charity work
Two large dogs are frolicking in a field
A girl does the backstroke in the pool.
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink.
Two cows graze in a field.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
destroy the peace or tranquility of.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
recording tracks of music made on some medium
either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip.
A small kid is playing with a green toy dog on the grass
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cell phone
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else
The dog is running through the dry sand
furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape.
A very retro living room with a television in it.
the physical expanse of the universe
It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan, says one banker.
A man is rowing a canoe
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
A boy at the bottom of a hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees
A small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
travel; make a tour of a place
cause to turn on an axis or center.
(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program.
A man is sitting and tables a comfortable discussion
The person in the blue jacket is putting down a colorful helmet
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use.
A man isn't pouring oil on the tomatoes.
Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
A person by some cameras is blowing on a burning torch
The patient is helping the doctor
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
limit in quality or quantity.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people
A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach
The man is playing a game on the grass
One man is climbing the cliff with a rope
someone who cleans soot from chimneys.
Two young men are juggling multi-colored blocks with people watching.
A man is stopping a horse
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg
the act of taking an offer
one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object.
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave
A person is planting a tree
The dog in the dyed red vest is running in the field
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
A yellow dog is drinking water from the faucet
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.
Two young women are sparring in a kickboxing fight
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
There is no Asian woman holding a fur scarf
Put on cream, as on one's face or body.
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke
The kid is still in the snow
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
An aircraft is taking off
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
Small children are getting off a statue in a park
Three men and a woman are posing for a picture
A man is opening a door
The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
make colder, or icy, using ice
Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one, Myers said.
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring.
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
Someone is stirring noodles in the water
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
There is no woman dancing
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar.
A lady is mixing a mixture of meat in a bowl
change the arrangement or position of.
move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle.
feel hot or painful.
Four people row a canoe in water.
put or set into, between or among
A man is walking behind a dog that is standing on it's hind legs.
A man is slowly trekking in the woods
A group of people near a fun house at a carnival.
the act of making a proposal.
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
assign a new time and place for an event.
the act of validating the authenticity of something
A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure.
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
show to be invalid.
Three children are running down a grassy hillside
a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
The dogs are walking in the desert.
add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts).
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
A red bird is perched in a tree.
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
Three boys are jumping in the leaves
behave in a certain manner.
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing
The man is playing the drums
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
The south African plane is flying in a blue sky
a natural physical force of drawing towards something
Some food is being fried by a woman
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks
The flute is being played by the woman
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a heavily graphitized wall
A man in a tux on a white horse.
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence
covering for a bed
A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
Two dogs swimming in a pool.
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress
A cat is jumping into a box
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
leave isolated with little hope of rescue
engrave by means of dots and flicks.
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine.
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
break from a meeting or gathering.
A woman is chopping onions
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.
A person on a black motorbike is doing tricks with a jacket
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
make impure.
A child, who is young, is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
A smiling baby is sitting in a large plastic tub of water.
A young girl is dancing
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
One small child is filling the cup with water
The cat isn't playing with a watermelon
The man is operating a stenograph
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
Red double decker bus.
A brown dog runs near the water.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
The guitar is being sold by a lady
the act of cutting something into parts.
People are not walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
A man is whacking a boy with a sword
Someone is not putting ingredients into a wok
A family, which looks happy, is posing by the fireplace
There is no man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding a unicycle down a street
Two dogs run through the snow.
cause to become violent or angry.
Some cheese is being put on a pizza by a man
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing the eyes
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming a wheelie done with a motorcycle.
The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person
A man and a woman are smiling.
make an incision or separation
A black man and his dog on the beach.
Child sliding in the snow.
A kid is playing a guitar
Two people are fist fighting in a ring
A man is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees
A truck is quickly going down a hill
The man is not riding a horse by a creek
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
A kid is playing with a toy dog
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
A man is tying a shoe
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up
A white dog runs on a beach.
Two girls taking a picture of themselves
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
Nobody is riding a bike
cause to come out in a squirt.
have a logical result
There is no cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel
Someone is making a hole in a strip of wood with a drill
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion.
a dog napping under a small table.
Two brown dogs running together on sand
A women with brown hair is wearing a purple shirt and a white purse.
A boy receives a light saber for Christmas.
People on an amusement park ride.
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
a dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
(Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.
A boy in a blue shirt and shorts jumping a bike with a ramp.
Two men are not fighting
This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally.
Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
A woman walks with a book while talking on a cell phone.
catch in or as if in a trap.
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
two spotted dogs are running through a field
Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.
A person is taking a cat down from the ceiling
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into a pot on the stove by a person
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
the successful ending of the American Revolution.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up, said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.
The lady is eating slices of meat
open again or anew.
Some young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
A boy in a headband plays drums.
Make sure of.
the property of copious abundance.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth
A young boy with a bib is watching the camera
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
The man is playing the instrument
make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate.
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.
recognize, be familar or well-versed with
A man is participating in a race for bmxs
a citizen of ancient Troy
There is no boy checking a calendar
Three dogs playing on grass.
A man is putting some food in a container
the state of being connected.
Parked white double decker bus.
two dogs play in the grass.
The woman is cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
an indication of something, evidence
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail.
Black and white cows behind a fence.
look through a book or other written material.
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking a potato
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
A small dog is chasing a large brown cow
behave in a condescending manner
The man is dancing
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike along a roadway
the occupants of a floor.
the rate of increase in size per unit time.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
a vehicle race on public roads
Two dogs play in the snow.
A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn
cause animals to move
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
A woman is playing the violin
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
A little girl is peddling a scooter
intend (something) to move towards a certain goal.
insert or close with a plug
Five birds stand on the snow.
The man is on the ride with the horse
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
A dog rolls on the ground.
become quiet or still; fall silent.
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
A small white dog running
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
bring two objects, ideas, or people together.
Give an incentive or reason for action.
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.
remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line.
A young girl is looking at a woman in costume
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket
(cause to) break up or cease to function
employ or become employed in a position
(cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
Bread is being sliced by the man
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
The woman is playing an electric guitar
the verbal act of offering.
A man is punching a soccer ball
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
A blurred image of a black and white dog running through the grass.
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the backyard
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
British term for the luggage compartment in a car.
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
The man is cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in a parade
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
Skewers are being placed onto a rack by a woman
A dog has run into the water to catch a ball in his mouth.
A soaked dog is playing in the water.
The young boy is climbing the wall made of rock
a portion or percentage of a whole
Someone is scratching the belly of an animal
Men are sawing
The panda bear is lying on the logs
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
a stiffener in a garment
Three dogs play in the grass.
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles
The doctor is helping the patient
The men are playing with a ball
Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall
Two dogs are chasing each other in a yard.
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
Person snowboarding at a ski slope.
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
extend out or project in space.
A child is talking
the act of exploding or bursting.
Three men are sitting together near woven walls
Two teams are playing soccer
Someone is not stirring chili in a kettle
A tan dog is running through the snow
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
A kid in orange is playing outside with a snowball
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into the grass
pronounce with an initial sibilant.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
A violin is being played by a man
to act as the host of
communicate or signal with a flag.
A man and a woman are silent
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses, said Gammerman.
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man
A great singer is dancing on the ceiling
fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug.
throw with force or recklessness.
propagation of waves back from a surface
A person near an onion has a cut
Rugby players are not tackling each other
someone who controls resources and expenditures.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
Two dogs standing in the snow.
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
to make ready, fit out
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
The man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
the act of protesting, dissenting
Three dogs running through water.
A man is making music with a flute
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
state of being active, bustling about
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool.
accuse formally of a crime.
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
A man is shooting guns
A man is cutting a paper
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
The parrot is silent in front of the microphone
A few animals are playing in the water
A boy is riding a red sledge down a snowy hill.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
There is no woman combing her hair
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
A woman is being caged for the dance
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks
The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer
Someone is cleaning an animal
stain with a dirty substance, such as soot.
A man is standing on a black jeep on a dirt hill
There is no brown duck with a green head flapping its wings in the water
advance warning or notification of something
an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation.
Young couple sitting on couch.
An animal is emerging from a lake
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey
the act of rejecting something.
The chef is seasoning the oil
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.
A small boy wearing a diaper stands near the door and is covered in marker.
fill with high spirits
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man
the state of being rejected.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
Two cats are fighting each other
A young girl is standing on one leg
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda
the act of expressing approval, support of something
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
A chef is discarding some food
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
contain or hold; have within.
the event of coming to a stop, ending something
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
A man and a woman are sitting on a dock together.
a young baby girl wearing a white outfit swinging in a baby swing
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
The woman is slicing an onion with a knife
A man is participating in a bmx race
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
a message refusing to accept something that is offered.
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
Men are sawing logs
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
A white bird is landing swiftly in the water
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets
put up with something unpleasant
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
A child is missing a baseball
A black and white dog is swimming in a lake.
A girl jumping on a sand dune at the ocean.
The man is not cutting the tape on the box
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and a nobody is in the background
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
A band is not playing some instruments
refrain from doing something.
the act of choosing or selecting.
the act of applying force in order to move something away.
A person snowboarding and jumping over a construction sign.
The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).
know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
A woman is performing in the rain
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
the ground level of a multi-storied building
stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen.
the state of being more than full.
Man sleeping on the street.
show the form or outline of.
A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
The man is going into the water
sharpen with a strap.
the foremost part of something
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
a black and white dog is running though water whilst bearing it's teeth.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife
The bearded man is not sitting on a train
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
A horse with no rider is falling over a hurdle
Two girls are happily playing inside a jumper house
form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
Two dogs are playing tug of war with a green toy.
Provide or equip specifically with furniture.
A lady is surfing and riding a wave
cover with a primer base
There is no person riding a bike along a muddy trail
A dog shaking water off.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
A small dog runs through a field.
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
(cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence
a group of people standing on a small balcony of a large building
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
There is no woman playing a guitar
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the beach which is sandy
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group.
The man is talking on the phone
the act of putting a preparation on something.
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
A skateboarder mid air with his skateboard.
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
A man is shooting at target practice
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
separate into constituents by soaking.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
Someone is cooking okra in a pan
a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.
A laughing man is dyeing a shirt black on the table which you cannot sit at 
A woman in a yellow dyed shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
scar physically; create a mark on someone or something
A group of people having a drink.
two woman climbing rocks around the ocean
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
prove or corroborate
A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen.
ask for and get free; be a parasite.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other kids are playing in the background
The monkey is brushing the dog
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
have or be covered with bristles
A girl is playing on a toy phone
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
the spatial, geometric contour of an object
A girl wearing a pink coat splashes in rain puddles.
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
The brown dog is sniffing the back of a small black dog
Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.
a group of surfers catching a wave
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
Children looking a sheep.
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
A brown dog walks in the grass with it's tongue hanging out.
engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
A girl dances on a sidewalk.
The little girl in the blue dress is walking with a man along a railway track.
A young boy is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head
A baby is playing with a dog 
The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper
The horse is being ridden by a man
A dog is furiously chasing a ball through dirt
Physically attach to something.
A boy is sitting in a room and playing a piano by lamp light
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
Two dogs playing together in the snow.
A child rides a bike high in the air.
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
Two black dogs run through a field.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
give up what is not strictly needed.
trace the form or outline of
The herd of caribous is not crossing a road
A dog in a colored coat is running swiftly across the yard
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking up
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection
An American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
arrangement
Three dogs playing in the snow.
A lemur is biting a person's finger
A cow is not eating hay
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
Young boy plays ball on the beach.
gnaw into; make resentful or angry.
A kid is doing a hand-stand on the beach.
Two dogs are running on the grass.
a boy in a green shirt is jumping with his arms in the air at the end of a bowling alley.
Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
A man in a purple colored suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
restrict or limit the range of
The woman is not dancing
A boy with face paint is running on a track.
There is no woman playing an electric guitar
time during which some action is awaited.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
make a certain noise or sound.
A woman is putting meat in a pan
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
Some old dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
A black dog with a red collar is amusedly putting its face in the water
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
gear or develop something to a particular purpose
Two dogs bound over a flower-covered hill.
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
An animal is running tiredly in circles
A dog is riding a skateboard in a park
The man is doing exercises
There is no woman putting meat in a pan
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a vehicle
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
There is no person buttering a tray
An empty office cubicle.
A small dog is lying on the bed
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with a spoon
A racer is leaning on a racing motorcycle
Two girls are lying on the ground
There is no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
the state of being retained
an area enclosed by walls or buildings
bend into the shape of a crank.
souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party.
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
A surfer is surfing a big wave
A man is standing in front of a wall
make the surface level or smooth
A young female rider on a brown horse.
Two dogs play in a sandy field.
One man is turning off the microwave
A boy is running through the sand
The dog is being walked by the woman
An animal is barking at a ball
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
There is no man recklessly riding a horse
cover or swamp with water.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
Three men are jumping off a wall
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
The chef is carefully pouring oil in the pan
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion
Put a harness on.
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword
There is no man sharpening a knife
A group of young asian children pose for a picture at a table.
A tattooed man is on a sofa and is holding a pencil
Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.
the state of having one's weight supported
Two dogs are playing in a fenced in yard.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
the state of being joined or united or linked.
The woman is playing the flute
Some fish are swimming
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a fence made of metal
One man is chatting with a girl with an internet camera
area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
The brown dog is running on the grass.
The player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field
The woman is happily playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down a hill
the close approach of one object to another
A man is walking a woman through the woods
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
A man is making a call on a cell phone
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photograph
manage, handle, or control something
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
Two kids and a dog play in the snow.
cover the front or surface of.
Bind or join (as if) with cement.
observe, perceive
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
A group of adults sit in wood lawn chairs talking, surrounded by wilderness.
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
People are paddling near a raft that is being ridden
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
come as a logical consequence, be inferred
A man is diving into a pool
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
A person is buttering a tray
move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course.
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
The man is intensely playing the guitar
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
Two poodles are running through the snow.
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
A dog running fast in the sand.
A yellow flower is being clung to by a bee
Two dogs groom each other.
The man is eating a banana by a tree
A woman is riding a Seadoo
cast off, get rid of something
A man is seeking a sign and is holding some money
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
There is no woman riding a horse
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
Jeremy's a good guy, Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
(cause to) separate or move in different directions
Two young women shear a sheep.
No motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a motorcycle
Remove tree stumps from an area.
find the solution to or understand the          meaning of
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
A man is repairing tiles with his hands
A wet black dog walks on the sand with a rock wall behind.
a group of sheep or goats.
The rhino is grazing on the grass
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
pass over, across, or through.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
raise in rank, character, or status.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
The band is singing 
A rider is surfing the wave
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
The man is pouring oil on a few tomatoes
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
A woman is chopping broccoli
(Cause to) become widely distributed.
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
A couple holds a baby.
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
A man and a woman are idling in a city street
A man is singing into an old microphone
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
A young boy is riding a bike.
Two boy are playing on a trampoline
a young girl wearing purple running through water
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause
be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as
A person is cutting some mushrooms
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red
The black dog runs through the water.
create a mess or disorder
COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
the general outward appearance of something.
A nude lady is walking in front of a crowd in body paint
to ignite or catch on fire
The military officer is barking at the recruits
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over the rest of his family 
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head
The blue train is at the station.
A brown dog running over grass.
However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.
A monkey is brushing the dog
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity
Potatoes are being sliced by a man
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
A man is getting into an automobile
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
Little boy with blue shirt crawls across vents near large glass windows.
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a ball
A dog is running on the grass and chasing a ball
A man is playing guitar next to a drummer
(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
physically grapple with an opponent
A dog is biting a mop.
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
(cause to) move gently back and forth
request urgently and forcefully.
(cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value
IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
Several swimmers are jumping into the water
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper
A crowd of people is far from the water
the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
A group of six children sit at a wooden table.
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
The small boy is sliding down a pool slide and is about to hit the water.
A woman is dancing gracefully
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
committee with supervisory powers
A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pot on the stove
A man takes a picture of his friend with performers.
The woman is putting make-up on
A fearful little boy is on a climbing wall
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
Create a coating for something.
Two men are racing in the water.
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
A black dog in the snow is leaping off the ground and catching a stick
A dog lies at the front of a boat headed into the fog.
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs
The persons are singing and dancing
a negative or undesirable aspect of something
A woman is flying through the air and landing on a bed.
A woman is playing the trumpet
rehearse, learn by repetition
A man is shooting with a weapon
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
an upward slope or incline
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics.
A train is at a train station.
Some meat is being stitched together by a woman
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
the act of admitting someone to enter.
The people are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
cause to march or go at a marching pace.
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
The woman and the man are travelling by car
a group of people living together in a camp.
rise to surface; become visible or known
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
the first part or section of something.
A man is sky surfing on the water.
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is not watching her
A man is harping on about a play
A happy family is posing by the fireplace
Red double decker bus with hood open.
A small boy in blue crawls along a window sill.
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
the length of time of a temporary cessation
Close-up of a hummingbird.
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege
There is no man eating cereal
The kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
settle or deal with something
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the wedding
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump
A man is preparing some dish
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance.
A brown dog plays in the snow.
The woman is looking at the view of a city
to combat or oppose someone or something
The young man is rock climbing
A man is cutting a slice of bread
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
(Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
Two smiling women holding a baby.
The man with a hard hat is dancing
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
A black dog is standing in shallow water
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
Three men are staring at the big green hills in the distance
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
Two people are sitting on a bench
fruit cooked down with sugar, jam
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt
fill with high spirits; fill with optimism.
The furry brown dog is not running through the grassy area
destruction of a ship
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
the condition of being motivated.
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
The act of searching for or buying goods or services.
The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
A band is playing onstage
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
bring to a certain spiritual state.
The black dog is not running through the grass
Several people sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
giving a reference or citation of something
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
We think it's great news, said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
A dog in the backyard is carrying black fur in a basket in its mouth.
But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
an obligation to pay or do something.
become or make oneself fresh again.
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
Write a computer programme.
A few women are holding each other and dancing together
the act of winding or twisting.
Somebody is cutting a tomato
The principal activity that one does to earn money.
There is no dog bouncing on a trampoline
A small cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
mold for casting, setting concrete
A brown dog is standing in a lake
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
Appoint, ordain to a clerical post
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face
a formal association of people with similar interests.
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
the act of giving a speech
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
a group of young men sing out together.
be relevant or pertinent
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
the act of intentionally omitting something
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
a change for the better.
A man in a hat is pacing through a store
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
Three greyhounds racing on a track
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
There is no man cutting a paper
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
A black dog with a red collar is putting its face in the water
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
The panda bear is not lying on the logs
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
The man is not eating a banana by a tree
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society.
a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard.
A dad is launching his daughter into a swimming pool
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
A woman with glowing shoes at an outdoor event.
restrict or confine
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
A man is playing the guitar loudly
take into one's family or group
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
A surfer on a wave.
A man and a woman laughing.
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs
A person in a black hat is reaching for a box
remove or force out from a position.
The trumpet is being played by a man
A subway train pulling into the station.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at night
Two children are playing flag football together.
A kitten is getting bored
Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant, they announced at a press conference yesterday.
terminate, end, or take out.
the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding.
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
keep from being seen or perceived by others
A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl
A large dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
The person is writing
A woman is cracking some eggs outside a bowl
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken
A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
An egg is being cracked into a bowl by a woman
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
A dog runs with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near the children and one is kissing the gate
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
There is no woman putting on lipstick
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
A guinea pig is devouring a carrot
A man is freeing a fish
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
The football players are working on stretching their legs.
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
The woman isn't stirring eggs in a bowl
There is no couple running towards the ocean
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool
a border or boundary of an object
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
A woman is not eating a cupcake
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving a toy
a work area for manufacturing or repair work
A woman is cooking food in a pot of hot water
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
have faith in, bet on
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
Two large persons are standing near a park bench and they have nothing between them
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.
A white dog is running across a rocky landscape
Two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from the screen
A dog is sleeping on the ground
Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
A man is puking
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
unite; merge with something already in existence
Two cats are looking at a window.
A snowboarder going over a ramp.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding a unicycle in the street
A person is surfing a big wave.
Three women are sitting together near woven walls
Some men are resting
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
have flavor; taste of something.
A baby rhino is walking around a pen with its mother
A cat is jumping into a container
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on a sunny day
A woman is stroking a lemur
A group of people are walking
spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
A woman is cutting some plants
get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone.
This is a boat on the water with mountains in the background.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
A man is singing to a woman
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
A black rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A woman is playing with two young boys at a park
Nobody is floating on a raft
Some animals are playing wildly in the water
The dogs are playing in the snow.
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
make shine
People are sitting against a wall
There is no motorcyclist riding a motorbike along a roadway
hit a fly (baseball)
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
Five people are standing in the grass with no dogs
A man on a bike is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
a bundle (especially one carried on the back).
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
A person is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
close with a snapping motion.
come out better in a competition, race, or conflict.
a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
A dog jumps on a lawn.
A woman holding a newspaper.
The human act of making something new.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
Two dogs are battling for a frisbee in a lake
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
A dog, which is small, is playing on the green grass
A man by a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
Two brown dogs are leaving a frisbee in the water
A man is speaking
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
a black dog digging through the snow.
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
One dog makes a playful bite on another dog.
The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping out of a blue kiddies pool
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
The men are climbing a mountain
A woman is showing a small dog to an infant
indistinct articulation.
a flock of sheep or goats
a boy falls off his red bike.
A man is putting down the guitar
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
The child is silent
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea
an attempt to get something.
A person skiing down a very large snow covered mountain.
A child in a red outfit is dangerously jumping on a trampoline
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Young boys running along the pavement.
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind
A kid is playing the guitar
A dog is walking along a snowdrift
Two boxers are in the ring.
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.
a cause or source of harm
fetching something from a source
Tofu is being sliced by a woman
To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
(cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
cause to move by pulling.
suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house
People at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people
A boy, who is little, is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow
A little boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube
A man is breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
a slight cut in a physical surface
The air is tricking a performing cyclist
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat
sniff or smell inquiringly.
set or ask for a certain price.
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
A man is cutting a lemon
Three men eating in a kitchen.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
A girl is speeding down a steep slide
A man is pouring a pot of cheese sauce into a shredded plate
partake or provide a banquet
A man is praying fervently
A handstand is being performed by a man on the beach
express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk
A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
a constructed underground passageway
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
A yellow kayak is being ridden by a man and a young boy
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp
A female toddler in pigtails is trying to climb out of a green and white playpen.
smell by inhaling through the nose
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
A brown and white cat is jumping on the sidewalk
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
Make or create something for a specific function.
Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
A dog is running up a grassy hill
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover
A large brown dog is walking along side a river.
the event of something being raised upward.
accounting period of 12 months
A black dog and a brown dog run along a dirt path.
sound with resonance.
Two men step off the bus together.
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation
A man is cutting tomatoes
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
go back to a previous state.
A woman who is wearing a pink scarf is riding a bike down a bridge built for pedestrians
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of beer
A man in a blue shirt smoking a cigarette.
a supplementary part or accessory.
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
A tan puppy being held and petted.
Two boys and a man are playing games at an arcade
Two blonde young women hang out in the grass with a brown dog.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
A black and tan dog is running through the low and green grass
The yellow dog is drinking water from a container
fail to do something; leave something undone.
A woman is chopping an onion
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
A woman is cooking eggs
A little boy in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
Several people are sitting at little tables in a darkened room
remove from a place or from office
There is no one banging a camera lens against a nail
a man is standing in front of a skyscraper
The women are not dancing outside
A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog
make a certain size or sort according to size
A man is playing a bamboo flute
A woman is not talking on a telephone
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
move or change one's own position or quality
A man doing a pose is being watched by another man
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A woman is cutting a potato
A woman is dipping a shrimp in batter
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
A child in water.
make a request or demand for something to somebody.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
A man is sitting on the grass and drinking from a water bottle
Two trains are traveling on the track.
an agent that operates some apparatus or machine.
economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation.
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
cause to grow thin or weak.
A young boy is leaping from one chair to another.
The man is riding a horse by a creek
There is no lady peeling the potato
A brown dog jumps over hurdle with flames on each end.
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a paved road
A fish is being cut by a man
A basketball player is scoring a basket.
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
A person is slicing some onions
A black man is walking next to a shop in a big city
A man skis on a snowy mountain.
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
(Cause to) smell bad.
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
possibility for the future
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law, he said.
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
the act of becoming more distant.
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
A woman is cutting some flowers
walk as if unable to control one's movements.
A man is standing on a roof
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
A dog running on the grass.
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music
Runners are competing in a race
A person is playing a piano
admit to testing or proof.
A man in a big city is holding a sign and begging for money
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people
A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside
become or cause to become obstructed.
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
the upper part of anything.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
head of a country
A woman is putting away a carrot
compel, enforce, or insist on something
inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions.
A man is reading the email
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A cat standing on tree branches.
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
An opponent is tackling a soccer player
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
cause (someone) to undergo something.
A person is standing near a motorcycle
protect with or as if with a shield
A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
the relation of comprising something.
A man is cutting a bun
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for a photo
A woman is slicing a potato
There is no girl in blue jumping in the air
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
An old woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
the time yet to come.
the act of combining, blending, integrating
cause to be alert or energetic
something recalled to the mind.
There is no woman cutting an onion
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage
Men are running a race
They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous, said the Oscar-winning film director.
Japanese school girls walk down the street.
A brown and white horse runs quickly.
a spoken or written reply to a question
attract; cause to be enamored.
The animal with big eyes is eating
A woman is mixing the content of a bowl
Two women are talking
the act of branching out or dividing into branches.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with a webcam
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
cause to lean to the side.
The man is throwing knives at a tree
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
A woman is cutting meat
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
A woman is being measured by another woman
A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza
Two children splashing in the water.
printed version of electronic data from a computer
be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about.
There is no man mixing
A man climbs a snowy mountain.
A person is removing eggs from a bowl
There is no man pouring liquid into a pot
A group of boys is playing soccer on the seashore
A squirrel is running in circles
two dogs running in grass
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing
an event that causes someone to die.
Two boys are playing a video game
Three men are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
There is no person boiling noodles
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
The deer is jumping over the fence
cause to become awake or alert
A woman is tailing a pony near a rock climbing wall
an explanation or alibi for something
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by a woman
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a cloth on the street
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
ride on someone's shoulders or back.
It's not zero, said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
A group of people paddle their blue inflatable raft down the rapids.
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
Two men are standing near the water and are holding tools used for fishing
Two white cats are playing with a brown dog and a ball
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
a party of people assembled for dancing.
require or need something that is missing
The black and white dog is running outdoors
The surfer is riding a small wave
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal
A baby elephant is not eating a small tree
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery).
shine intensely, as if with heat.
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water
One man is descending a cliff with a rope
Two ducks are standing by the water.
preserve, keep in safety, use frugally
The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people is following her
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
a special variety of domesticated animals within a species.
Tambourines are being played by a group of children
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
child hanging upside down from a tree swing
A train on the train tracks.
A woman is snowboarding down a railing in the snow
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
A person is not performing tricks on a motorcycle
the act of turning, rotating an object
carry as a backpack, go backpacking
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by a horse
The appropriate or desirable thing.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
A little white dog running through the sand.
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
cause to appear in a new form.
Fighting continued until midnight, western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A pianist is playing the keyboard
(cause to) become even or level
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk
The man is singing and playing the guitar
Four children are doing backbends in the gym
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
The girl is sitting on the sofa and crocheting
save from an experience, action or harm
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits
There is no woman deep frying food
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals).
someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else.
a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled
state of being unified
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
obtain or provide money for.
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside
social sphere, scope of activity or interest
A brown and white dog is paddling through deep water in a blue container.
ascribe or place in association with
A young boy leaps from one couch to another.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
A hiker with a backpack is up on a misty mountain top.
Two brown dogs run through the grass.
scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface.
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
lumber used in the construction of something.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
the act of concealing or disguising
increase in extent or intensity.
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
An event that causes someone or something to die.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right
A person is frying food in a pan
It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation, said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
A man is strolling in the rain
reproduce or make an exact copy of.
hold or embrace in a tight grip
Two boys on a couch are playing video games
regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
exercise authoritative control or power over.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby
place or lay as if in a pile
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
A tan dog is playing in the water on the bank of a pond
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
Two people are walking near the water
There are no kids jumping on a trampoline
A shirtless man is leading a carriage that is being pulled by a horse
The car is being driven by a man
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
raise from a lower to a higher position.
A man is playing a guitar that is acoustic
plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
an abundance of something
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight.
A shirtless man rock climbs.
I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately, he said.
a boxing or wrestling match.
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow
A man in a cap is playing a harp
A dog sniffs a tree stump.
A person is chopping a red onion
change (dramatically) between high and low values
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent.
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man
run at a moderately swift pace.
I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job, she said.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
A man is playing an electric guitar
A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a close target
move an implement through.
Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.
A man is untying a shoe
A woman is cooking fish
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
A man is playing the drum
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood
seal, insulate or protect
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
A black dog lays on a grassy lawn covered in leaves.
The man isn't lifting weights
an expanse of land
someone who takes photographs professionally.
A man is working on the laptop
The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
A young boy plays in the water fountain.
A man stands on a cliff overlooking the ocean.
A man is tanking on a stage in front of a crowd
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
A baby is laughing
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from the air
continue to live, exist, or prosper
Touch with the lips.
(Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.
A dog is jumping over a red and white bar.
Two cows standing in a large field.
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth
increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration
a separate and self-contained entity.
the speech act of objecting.
an inherent aptitude or talent
abstain from eating or from certain foods
A man is jumping rope outside
Cereal is being eaten by the man
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a river
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect.
the act of governing, administrating
the act of contacting one thing with another.
Dog running on shore beside two geese in water
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, doesn't look surprised
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla
A little boy is crawling in a green tunnel with a smile on his face
A dog is leaping high in the air and another is watching
The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators, Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
Someone is beating an egg
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
mean or intend to express or convey.
No lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
lower the pitch of (musical notes).
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is jumping down off a dirt bike
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
a stovetop, cooking appliance
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
exhaust by allowing to pull on the line.
the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force.
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on the beach
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
A man is spreading dough
He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate).
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
The person is doing a handstand on the beach.
Two dogs are fighting over a red Frisbee that is bent in half.
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
A little dog is slowing down and the owner is quitting chasing it
Two people in two chairs are talking
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
A skateboarder is jumping in the air
Two white dogs run through a fiels with snow.
Fool or hoax (someone).
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.
Two girls are playing guitar
act of moving or conveying something
I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill, Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
Two women sitting outside laughing.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
A dog jumps over a barrier in a field.
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.3.500	Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
change toward something smaller or lower.
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
The man is wildly dancing
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
a straightaway section of a racetrack.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
a dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
rerun a performance of a play, for example.
function in a particular manner when moving
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
A stuntman on a bike is in the air near a body of water
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
There is no woman firing a rifle
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
A man is walking slowly across a bridge made of rope
A train is running on the tracks.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
A little brown dog is running on the grass.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
The little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
The man is driving a car carefully
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
Two men are racing in a tire rolling competition
There is no man playing two keyboards
a type of military aircraft
A dog is running through the white snow
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe
A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
A group of football players is running in the field
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
provide with power and authority.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
move from one location to another
manipulate the registers of an organ.
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
A man is riding a scooter
A squirrel stands in the grass looking around.
No people are riding camels at the beach
There is no man eating a banana
The man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread
Three dogs running through a puddle.
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
A man is taking a picture of a drawing
A social climber is tying a man to a cliff with a rope
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving a toy
(cause to) move around
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a darkened room
The black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.
anything illusory, not concrete or real
A man is chopping butter into a container
a black and white dog jumps to get the Frisbee.
a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank.
A green bike parked outside a book store.
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
Three children are running down a hillside covered by grass
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant).
Nobody is pouring ingredients into a pot
A black and white dog jumping over a red and white bar.
Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers
One child pushes another on a swing in a playground.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant
the act of applying paint to a surface
A courageous performer is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle over a man in a blue jumpsuit
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
A skateboarder makes a jump off a ramp.
A man is not cutting a potato
Kids play soccer on a field.
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition
A person is repairing some cameras with a blow torch
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
a single chance or instance.
A dog shakes off after getting out of the water.
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag
Football players are on the field.
The dog is licking a bottle
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild
The group of people is not sitting in a dim room
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
A man riding a small bicycle.
A man is mowing a lawn
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
Two white cows in a green pasture.
One man is chopping a log with an axe
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
A dog standing in the water.
disentangle and raise the fibers of.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
maintain, assert, or claim
South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1
A bubble blew, dyeing the girl's shirt red.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
A lady in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
A child is hitting a baseball
A man is removing a carrot from a machine
Two dogs are fighting on brick pavement.
Three men are dancing
make up something artificial or untrue.
A man is typing on a machine used for stenography
There is no man playing a guitar on stage
an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning
There is no man cutting onions
use up (resources or materials).
the introductory portion of a story
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
move back and forth or sideways.
A dog is barking at a ball
Change the purpose or functioning of a system.
(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance.
Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach
be fully aware or cognizant of.
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
A family is watching a little boy who is hitting a baseball
The piano player is being a tough man
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
Two children are riding horses over sand near a white fence.
give a detailed account of
Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism, Mr Howard said.
soldier who is a member of a special forces group
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
Adults and children standing and playing in front of a stair near a wooded area
a quantity of money added to a bank account
an advantage to the benefit of someone or something.
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
A white dog running in the snow.
A dog is licking a baby
a black and white cow in hay.
A kangaroo is picking up the woman's baby
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on table
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
A football game is being watched by the crowd
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. 
a way of conceiving something.
Two soccer teams are playing, one is in white the other in red.
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
A woman is arranging her hair
A kid is splashing in the ocean
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
A racquet is being held by a tennis player in mid game
rightful portion or stake of something
The woman is poking a potato
the part played by a person in bringing about a result.
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle
There is no pet dog standing on the bank and looking at another brown dog in the pond
Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake
A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing
a kitchen appliance used for cooking food.
a jockey riding a horse.
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet
A dog with a blue collar is not playing with the ball outside
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
The dog is not knocking the boy into the water
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area
A man and a woman are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle
A dog running on the grass
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
drive forcibly as if by a punch.
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object
Two people wearing helmets are driving over the yellow and white flowers
A person is putting meat into a skillet carelessly
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a rainy day
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing
A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch
(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend.
A black dog fetches a dead bird.
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
Something that provides advice.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the lawn
Small boat going down a creek.
There is no bicyclist jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a shop
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
discipline in personal and social activities.
Two children and an adult are standing next to a tree limb
A man is slicing onions
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus
Two dogs playing or fighting in the snow.
Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
The act of having and controlling property.
(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving.
The man is slicing a potato
A man is playing baseball.
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a gun
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down a track
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.
Some young dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill
A kid is singing and playing a guitar
bring into a different state.
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
be pertinent or relevant or applicable.
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
move in circles.
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a muddy field
A guy is riding a horse
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
something serving as a cover or protection.
A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
the act of cutting off length, snipping off
the act of committing a crime.
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Two small children are playing with a toy car in the street
deprive of courage, hope, or optimism
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
A large white crane is flying near the water
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.
A white dog with a collar is running.
A man is playing the keyboard with his nose
A man is lazing
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
A man dances on a colorful wall.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
A cyclist is performing a jump on a bicycle
Some dogs are playing in a river
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
become due for repayment.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
the act of referring or consulting.
the act of directing attention, resources to something
A man is shooting a shotgun
Two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other.
The woman is drawing a man
An airplane is being stationed on the ground
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass
the state of being active.
The person is painting
A dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in a field
A cowgirl is riding a horse and corners a barrel
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
A man is coming down a rope
Saturate or inocculate with a substance.
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
A man is eating
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
Boy feeding a sheep.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella
No dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
A homeless man is putting down a sign and refusing some charity
It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't, said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
guide, draw through
Several jumpers are swimming in the water
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
A man is jumping into a pool
The boy is studying a calendar
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore
Two fluffy dogs run through the grass.
A dog running through a creek.
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
A girl riding a tan horse.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
Two men are playing table football
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
A machine is sharpening a pencil
A man is removing the butter from a piece of bread which is big
A black dog is hanging out in the grass and running with its tongue out
put under the control of the federal government
Two men are standing in deep water
A person is making a bed
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court
the pulsation of the heart
A black dog is running in the snow
The surfer is leaning on a surfboard
Three people are driving ATVs
A man is taking the oil out off a skillet
A boy is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
fail or suffer failure
turn the paddle; in canoeing.
A woman is deep frying food
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
The man is driving a car
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in the same fashion
A man in a black hat is reaching for a box
four people sitting at a table.
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
an unpleasant or disappointing surprise.
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose.
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
The big brown and black dog is on top of a small white dog.
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
Two older people sit at an outdoor cafe table.
A man is playing a large flute
I really liked him and I still do, Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
A group of people is not walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
The lady isn't slicing up the meat
notable or famous persons (real or fictional)
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, Mrs Clinton writes.
a relative loss in price, value
confine in or as if in a prison
strike as if by whipping.
Two people wearing black are standing in front of a lit up statue.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
Three happy boys wearing blue bathing suits hold hands as they jump into an outdoors swimming pool.
talk in a tearful manner.
come or bring back to life, health, existence or use
The man is rising from a swamp
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
The man is standing outdoor and the boy is falling over the bottom of the stairs
Two women are not dancing
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
A black dog in the snow is jumping onto the ground and missing a stick
There is no white race car driving through a puddle
A man is opening a box with a knife
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
Girl and large stuffed animal riding an amuseument ride over a fair.
A dog laying in the snow.
A girl playing on a parachute.
A long train is on train tracks.
The man in the hat is smoking a straw cigarette
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
show to a seat; assign a seat for.
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
Men in costumes are walking around in the street
A girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes
mark with scars
Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.
One man is doing a bicycle trick in midair
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in the distance
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen
point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the right
Two dogs in the snow
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on a track near water and a skyline
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
to say, state, or perform again.
a collection of something, often a large amount
visual representation sketched by hand
the act of surrendering an asset
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
A bird flies across the water.
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
A football player is carrying an official past a rolling football
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
A girl is raising a blue uniform with her arm
the event of proposing or volunteering something
final stage of an event or activity
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
two dogs are gnawing at a blue and yellow ball.
There is no one typing
A man in a black jacket is holding a microphone toward a young girl with long brown hair.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
clear mucus from one's throat
charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone.
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
an intense surprise, often unpleasant
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
A man is naked and standing still
Someone is putting away a keyboard
A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
A man is screwing a piece of wood to a wall
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain
open again, open anew
to grow rapidly
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
The cat is licking milk from a saucer
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Children smiling and making faces to the camera.
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
the act of having and controlling property.
A white boat on glassy water with mountains in the background.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
I notice a mood change in their priorities, one politician said.
A boy rides a skateboard with a bike to his right.
One person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near a desert area
the processing or operation of something
A child is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field
A brown and white dog runs with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A white and brown dog is walking through the water with difficulty
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
become broader or wider or more extensive.
A young couple is sleeping in bed
A shirtless man is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
There is no man riding a motorcycle
Several people are not walking in line across a bridge
Two children in the bathtub with an umbrella.
a competitor thought likely to win.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
five people standing on a sidewalk
A man is making a sketch
the act of selecting or picking something
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
A boy is being knocked into the water by the dog
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat
A person is wearing a red jacket and carefully holding a beer
There is no young child splashing in the water
A young child is splashing in the water
A man wearing black shorts is standing in front of a snow covered mountain.
the act of looking or seeing or observing.
They've been in the stores for over six weeks, says Carney.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate.
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
The men are not playing soccer
A plane is taking off
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
A person is looking at a bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
A black and white dog is running outdoors
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching
A girl is riding a horse
Act without permission or with too much confidence.
have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink.
Two people are wading through the water
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
A boy is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
A girl slides down a purple slide.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
Nobody is holding a hedgehog
A dog has its head outside a red and green gift bag
A girl is playing the piano
We have found the smoking gun, said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
The woman walking is wearing a skirt and boots.
An Arabic man is wearing a white hat
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing a game
A dog runs through the deep snow.
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
make keen; give (new) life or energy to
move into and stay in a particular position
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag
a white dog is running through the snow.
The fur of a cat is being combed by a person
A man is holding a bus pole in front of a building.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
restore to a previous or better condition.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior
A dog is running on a snowy path
fix or set securely or deeply.
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
the act of losing someone or something.
A group of men playing brass instruments.
A man is sitting on a couch under an expressway ledge.
study intensively as if preparing for a test
The black and white dog jumps with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.
sink to a lower level or form a depression.
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
The man is typing on a machine used for stenography
There is no milk being drunk by a cat
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
A young person in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs
A large, gray ball is hitting a running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth
appoint to clerical posts
There is no little girl playing a grand piano on stage
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
stretch out or over completely
A surfer is riding a big wave
the act of swallowing.
The woman is cooking something
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the backyard
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
There is a squirrel sitting up in the grass.
A man asleep on a yellow striped bench with his feet on a baggage cart.
marriage offer
A skateboarder on a ramp.
deal with in a routine way.
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves
The muscular white man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
A woman is washing her feet
A little girl is looking at a woman in costume
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
The child is playing with toys outdoors
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
A person is unfolding a tortilla
A large brown cat is jumping over a red hurdle
a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading
Two baby pandas are sleeping
A person is chopping down a tree with an axe
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints
A young girl in a helmet riding a skateboard down a sidewalk.
rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave.
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is seated beside her
the motion of one object relative to another.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
A motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a white motorcycle
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
The snowboarder is jumping off the snow
A man is playing guitar
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
a sporting match, boxing
A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England
a state of order in which events conform to the law.
Two teams are competing in a baseball game
An old person is sitting on a bench
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
These are dark days for our industry, the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
A person skis down a snowy hill.
A young boy riding in a swing.
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
A woman pointing at a geyser.
The baby is being put into a trash can by a woman
the act of improving something's quality
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.
A small boy is carrying a soccer ball.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
A dog, which is small, is running out of the green grass
dysfunction or ailment of the heart
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
the act of leading or guiding others
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of few people
A dog is running on a snowy road
a small dog steps onto a log.
A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car
A small shirtless boy is sliding into a green tube
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
Nobody is jumping off a platform
A white dog sniffing sheep through a fence.
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
the act of explaining or defending something
two dogs running in the snow
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
A man is carefully climbing a rope
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves
a portion removed from the whole.
Dirt bikers are riding on a trail
Five people are standing in the grass with three dogs
The man is playing a guitar
Two persons are shaking hands
the end or completion of something.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease.
separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements.
A black dog in the grass is holding a bird in his mouth.
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another person
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
speed up the process of
A lady is cutting up some meat
The onion is being cut by the man
Some women are dancing
No dog is running through the snow
A boy waves around a sparkler.
a long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
A man is getting off the car
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
Two boys play with two dogs at the shore.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth
A girl is drawing a man
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
A child wearing red shoes climbing a tree.
A few animals are out of the water
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement
Two persons are driving down the street in a jeep
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
physical matter left behind after a removal process
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
A black bird is sitting on a dead tree
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
a military fortification, stronghold
the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity.
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
be intermediate between two taxonomic groups.
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
Two dogs play in the grass.
a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids.
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
No onion is being cut by a man
The rhino is being fed on the grass
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
A child is experiencing a new world
The band isn't singing
mark or cover with or as if with dots
Two cats are playfully fighting each other
The dog is running through the wet sand
give new life or energy to.
A lemur is eating
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
move faster, or cause to move faster
the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War).
Two boys are studying
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
A little girl is shoveling snow.
There is no woman squeezing juice out of a lemon
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
(Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.
Two dogs are running towards each other on a beach.
move or execute very quickly or hastily
A brown dog is dropping a colored toy from its mouth
matter that remains after something has been removed.
the quality of being important and worthy of note.
A wooly dog on a beach looks toward another dog in the water.
Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest
A group of people playing football is running in the field
make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote.
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
The cat is eating some corn
Some people are walking
There is no surfer leaning on a surfboard
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
A lady wearing a red dress is playing a bag pipe.
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman
A sports uniform is being worn by a man who is running down the field
The black bird is sitting in a leafless tree
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event
A dog catching a ball.
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
The man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
A football player kicks the ball.
A man on a motorcycle is going around a corner
form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
There is no man spitting
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the rollerblades
the force by which one object attracts another.
We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible, Kennedy said.
A group of people hike through a snowy wooded area.
Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness, Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red ball and are playing in the grass
A brown dog and a black dog are frolicking in the sand
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
a cue given to someone for assistance
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.
A brown and white dog is resting on the ground with a tennis ball in its mouth
the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
A man and a woman dressed as a prisoner and sexy police officer.
The woman is removing make-up
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain
have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun.
A woman is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
If you pass this bill, Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
save or relieve from an experience or action.
A boy running through surf on a beach.
A large boat in the water at the marina.
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
a woman's sleeveless undergarment.
An animal is looking around
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
dress in a certain manner.
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn.
computer text files
A young girl is using sign language
A brown dog and a black dog are playing with a red Frisbee.
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
a boy swinging on a swing.
Two animals are running through high grass
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
The men are not climbing a mountain
A little girl is frowning and taking off a fake nose and glasses
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
Couple with newborn baby.
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
A man is walking along a track through a wilderness
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard
put under the control and authority of a federal government.
a demanding or stimulating situation.
a person who is a member of the senate
A green car parked outside the saloon.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of flowers
A bearded man is sitting by a shopping cart and is dropping a cardboard sign
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
A man in a purple hat isn't climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small
A man is drinking orange juice and walking
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
A girl is playing the guitar
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
A boy is spanking a man with a plastic sword
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the court
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
A police officer directs traffic on a city street.
Two dogs are in a grassy area.
A black and white dog is carrying a small stick on the green grass
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones
There is no person slicing a potato
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
The girl is watering the plants
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
People are riding and paddling a raft
the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
Two children jumping into a body of water.
The young girl with a pink shirt is peacefully lying on the grass
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
domesticated animals kept for use or profit
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
an increase in size as measured per unit of time
A woman is petting a dog near a stone path
A person who rides bikes, in a black and red uniform, is standing on a dirt bike
A brown puppy is biting a pole
physical force that draws objects together
There is no man fishing in the river
brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A woman plays a video boxing game on a big screen.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
A dog is playing in water.
move as if through a sieve.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
A man is rock climbing on a natural rock.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
Two men wearing bike helmets.
The woman is not handling a frog
A bike is being held over his head by a bicyclist in a group of people
draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to.
People are sitting around a bonfire at night
A child is not playing slip and slide in the grass
rot; become unfit for consumption
Person holding stop sign to direct traffic.
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide
the activity of protecting someone or something.
A man performs a skateboard trick.
Two boys play swords in the grass with rods.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area behind a tree
A woman is not slicing an onion
A boy standing in the foreground looking out over other people in a court.
There is no lemur eating
breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties.
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
act of verbally informing
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
There is no little boy wearing a green soccer strip and running on the grass
A woman is jumping with a bicycle
clear mucus or food from one's throat.
Three men posing in a tent.
A man is slicing a tomato
A group of people having their picture taken.
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving the starting line
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
A person is not frying meat in a pan
act of constructing
Some cheerleaders are taking a break
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
pass the tongue over.
remove the husks from.
A young boy is running a race.
the particular portion of space occupied by something.
a consequence, outcome or result of something
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
A man in a suit is not being surrounded by photographers
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
A little girl in costume looks like a woman
an exclusive, privileged group of people
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection.
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
A boy is practicing the keyboard
A large green ball is missing a potato
The brown dog is running across the sand.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
There is no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
A black dog runs very fast in a field in a park.
The players is maneuvering for the soccer ball
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
A dog shakes his head.
Two people in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor
give a neat appearance to, neaten
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair
A woman on a motorcycle is going around a corner
A man playing a video game in a store.
A boy riding on a swing.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
A child is slowly waking up
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
cause to adopt a new or different faith.
A black topless person is packing a pile of rocks and a front of clouds are in the background
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.
A person is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
A man is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
The bicyclist is not riding on a city street
(cause to) become overloaded or overcharged
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
act against or in opposition to.
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
the role of the head of a government department.
Someone is falling off a horse
a black dog runs across the snow.
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
transfer from one place or period to another.
come into the possession of.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
Two dogs run through mud.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
A brown dog is sitting down
Nobody is cooking okra in a pan
Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.
A man is not dancing
A white airplane is on a runway.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
There is no man sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
A boy is eating a cupcake
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
A white cat laying on a sheet.
Kids are riding horses in a ring.
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
A dog's tail is being pulled by a monkey
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
A small white dog is running in a lawn
an event that accomplishes its intended purpose.
A brown & white greyhound dog sniffs the snow.
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
Two dogs in snow.
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper).
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
The boy is sitting near the blue ocean
The dog is jumping in the air.
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
A man in a black hat is touching a cardboard box
protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer.
Draw in and expel air through lungs.
Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.
A woman wearing a blue coat walks and talks on her cellphone.
A white, fluffy dog is standing on its hind legs.
It looks very much like an isolated event, World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
behave in a certain way, usu. joyful
an implement consisting of a length of wood.
A black dog flies through the air while holding an object in its mouth.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
There is no cat eating corn on the cob
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
give to, and receive from, one another.
The cat is licking a bottle
rein in a horse to lose a race
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
Two people are passionately kissing near a crowd
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in the sand
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino
A couple walking down the street.
reduce to a simpler molecular compound
A brown dog runs through the grass.
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
have or exploit a monopoly of.
Train gliding on tracks.
A man in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
There is no family posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
A young man is wearing a black jacket and has white earphones in his ears.
line, cover
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
Various customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
A dog is running with a volleyball
Three friends are making faces for the camera
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern
make a mess of or create disorder in.
No young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless
The man is eating potato slices
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
A dog with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space.
take possession of by legal authority (for security).
make a film or photograph of something.
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
A dog running along a fence on a dirt track.
A girl is playing on a swing.
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
There is no man playing the guitar
A piano isn't being played by a man
a written message of nonacceptance
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom.
incline from a vertical position
cause to come to the ground.
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
A man is slicing an onion
provide (a person or group) with power or authority
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.
A dog is jumping through the water.
Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.
A brown dog playfully bites a white dog.
a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
A man is cutting a tomato
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin
A person is brushing a cat
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
I'm really excited about going to Cleveland, James told ESPN.com.
A dog digging in the sand.
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean
A young woman in a bikini looking at something in a glass case.
a state of social order in conformance with existing law
Two dogs playing in snow.
The white puppies are playing on a couch with a baby bottle.
appear in a certain way.
A baby trying to catch water from a fountain in his mouth
The person is slicing the potato
A black dog runs through the water.
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.
A dog is running through reeds towards the ocean.
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
the finger next to the thumb, forefinger
A person above their surfboard on the water.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
cause to be immersed in
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves
a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance).
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another.
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
a person under the guardianship or custody of another
Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.
The presentation is being attended by a classroom of students
repeat; reestablish or begin again
An interview is being granted by the man
An official task or undertaking, usually funded
an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
the act of advocating or promoting something
Dalmation running along the beach.
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
The meat is not being dropped into a pan
Two dogs play in the snow
the act of putting something to use.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a water bottle
A dog swimming in a lake has sunshine shining on him.
There is no woman putting a child in a waste bin
A tan dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball
A brown dog is running through the field.
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer.
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
face and withstand with courage.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
The black dog is running through the grass.
Someone is banging a camera lens against a nail
An electronic man is held as a device
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
A lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot.
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
The skateboarder does a trick on a ramp.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
A woman is slicing garlic
The man is thinking
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
A man in red takes cell phone pictures at a football game.
The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around
A man is naked and is lying in the field
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2.
A group of women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball.
The kid is happily sliding in the snow
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
A girl, in a black shirt and hot pink pants, is about to hit a tennis ball on the court.
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
A group of people are marching
A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot
It was a brazen attempt at intimidation, said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
A small child is showing boredom on a swing set at the park
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
come as a logical consequence; follow logically.
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction
A black and tan dog sleeps in the car.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
The large dog wading in the water and shaking.
The men are placing suitcases in the trunk of a car
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
A tiger cub is making a sound
A dog in the yard is running across colored coats
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
A person is not chopping an onion
A small boy is sitting in the forest
A cat is swinging on a fan
There is no dog which is furry and black in a back yard carrying a basket in its mouth.
position or location change
A means or agency by which something is communicated.
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
The men are playing soccer
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
A woman poses with a baby.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
A person is playing a trumpet
make certain the failure or destruction of; destine
Enclose in a protective covering.
Three little children are sitting in the grass.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
pull, or move with a sudden movement.
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
a cell for violent prisoners.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
Create an electrical short in something.
Some green boots in a puddle full of mud are targeted by a playful young child wearing a scarf
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
The person is writing with a pencil
BASEBALL: strike out a batter
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.
approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
A biker is wearing gear which is black
The potato is being peeled by a woman
The men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks beside a river
A brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole.
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value
Two brown dogs are biting on a black Frisbee.
Four dogs playing in the snow.
shoot down birds
A young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.
the act of physically affixing or connecting things
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine
create a new entity by putting components or members together
Two large brown dogs are both grabbing a black Frisbee.
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls
A man is parking a motorbike
A man is cutting the tape on the box
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
A tan dog is resting in the snow
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position
A little boy wearing boxers is holding a fist up and standing in front of a brick wall.
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
The man is adding seasoning to the water in a bowl
a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument.
bubble over with a certain feeling
A black and white dog running through an obstacle course
beat (as if) with a whip or rod
A woman is cutting a carrot
do lacework.
edge tool used in shaving.
Nobody is riding the bicycle on one wheel
There is no woman exercising
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
A dog running across the sand
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
a position given by its location to the side of an object.
Man playing game in a store.
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
A man is putting vegetables into a pot
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by a man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by a man
The woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
a state or act of gaining pleasure
A man is walking along a path through a wilderness
rounded end of a bone
A man in a red shirt is watching a football game.
A girl in a costume participates in a parade.
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into a bowl
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation.
Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
A person is not doing a trick on a slide
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
the event that occurred at the beginning of something.
write all the required information
a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree.
a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
There is no lady cutting up some meat
A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
A person on a bike is not in the air near a body of water
Remove by rubbing
overflow with a certain feeling.
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the dry sand
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer
A cat is playing a keyboard
an impetuous rush toward someone or something.
a person who plants bombs.
A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag
A few ferrets are climbing out of the cage
There is no window being cleaned by a man
One man is playing the guitar
move very fast.
where you live at a particular time.
the enclosing frame around a door or window opening.
A little boy is wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass
stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of.
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of a bowl
be the host of or for.
It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist, the source said.
A man and a woman are jumping on the curb
People in costumes are walking around in the street
the act of pulling a load
create something in the mind
A white dog jumps into a pool.
A man is performing stunts on a green bicycle
become wrinkled or crumpled or creased.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily
A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a saddle
A child is amazedly experiencing a new world
There is no puppy rolling
A white racing vehicle is driving through a puddle
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
Two dogs running on the shore.
Train pulling into a station.
A dog is missing the ball in mid air
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house
The brown and white dog is running though the brush-land.
discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience
refrain from harming.
end of the American Revolution
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
A small animal is lying on the bed
Several people are sitting at small tables in a light room
coerce by violence, fill with terror
Two people are walking by the ocean.
A tan skinned child is looking at the camera
A black train moves down the tracks.
the act of retaining something.
the center region of an object
A girls is jumping in the sand.
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
make a written note of.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on
the military action of resisting the enemy's advance.
a person who is in charge.
the skateboarder jumps into the air.
A big tan dog runs on grass with a big stick in his mouth.
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
A black dog asleep in a car.
(theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.
an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings.
A man is having lunch
Two dogs, the white one standing on a Frisbee, playing together on grass.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
A woman is putting away a potato
There is no man slicing a tomato
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
form schemes in an underhand manner
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
A horse is being ridden by a man
The baby is not laughing and crawling
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorbike in a field which is mostly barren
cause (a computer) to execute a single command.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
House with a red door.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class.
We are expending all available resources toward the investigation, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
A child rolls around in a large tire.
A person is slicing an onion
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
the act of grasping into one's arms
learn by reading books.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
A white dog, a brown dog, and a black dog frolicking in a grassy field.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight, Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
The violin is being played by a woman
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
The lady is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
A black and white dog is looking at a pink Frisbee on a court.
A man is playing keyboards
The beautiful reddish dog lopes around the flat snowy street with a snowball in its mouth.
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
A dog is walking away from a baby
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
intuitions, a hunch or feeling
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
an electrical connection between conductor and earth
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
A man is doing exercise
[provide with a new or different resting place
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
A boy is speeding down a steep slide
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
give interlinear explanations or citations for text
cause to turn from one course or use to another
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
Dog sniffing another dog lying under furniture.
fool or hoax.
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
A man with an arm cast films something on video while another man is looking at the camera.
A girl is applying makeup to her face
An animated airplane is landing
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
Two men are breaking into a car during a trip on a snowy road
A man is racing
A man is doing physical activity
A shirtless man catches a football
A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
A man in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
Reloaded is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
A person is cutting an onion
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating the route
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
idolize/show devotion to
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
A child in a green and white uniform for sports is running over the grass
A dog, which has a brown and white coat, is holding a baseball in its mouth
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.
The cyclist is performing a trick in the air
A man is passionately playing a guitar
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
The dog is playing with a plastic container
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background
connect with; reach a target or goal
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination.
the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
provide a seat or base for
A white hat is being worn by a boy which is running on the beach
The girl is on a swing.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
A man kite surfing creates a wave.
There is no woman dancing in a cage
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
A red sweatshirt with a smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace 
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him
A greyhound jumps over a chain.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
a small, indefinite portion of something
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by a person
fall or cause to fall
The man is practicing the guitar
lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions.
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
A man is skiing down a hill and jumping a red obstacle
A person is dancing in the rain
A piano is being played by a person
give something for a cause
understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.
A woman picking up a large rock.
The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.3.500	A 32-count indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are investigating
A boat's sail is being reflected by the peaceful water
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
A black person is running along a white stand and a dog barks behind him
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
A man is sharpening a weapon
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
Two dogs play together in the yard.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
The man and woman are not walking
A woman is tapping her fingers
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
The man is running on the road
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
a name given to a product or service.
move in a spiral or zigzag course.
Three dogs running through the snow.
A woman is slicing potatoes
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a masonry pyramid
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
A bull standing in the field.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
a caress with the lips
People are walking outside a building that has many murals on it
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe.
gather, as of natural products.
A black and orange bird is standing in the grass
confine as if in a prison.
evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of.
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building
A man is playing with a water toy in the water
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside a river
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
A woman is putting on makeup
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
make a causal or logical connection; group together
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
The men are carefully putting suitcases into the trunk of a car
A person wearing pink pants and a white parka at a snow park.
A dog is chasing a ball through dirt
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow
The man is standing steadily next to a birdcage
A dog running through the woods.
bring to a certain pressure
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
The boy is playing the piano
The person is riding the horse
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air
A blonde boy in green is sitting on a swing
The man is walking along a track through the wilderness
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with a brush
A woman and three kids play at a park.
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter toy
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
a physical difficulty or obstacle
A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside
tie or fasten into a knot.
cause to match, as of ideas or acts.
Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
a mental grasp or understanding of something
The man is not playing the drums
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing
Two kids playing with a dog.
cite as an authority; resort to.
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements.
Two black dogs run into the white waves on a beach.
feel the strong need to eat
A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball
A red sled is being held by a little girl in a green coat and a boy walking in the snow
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
The Jockeys are riding horses on the field, which is completely green
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear
A girl wearing pink flip flops and tights is swinging a tennis racket at a tennis ball.
A group of men is playing soccer on the beach
A man is riding a horse on the beach
Two females jump off of swings.
Two brownish dogs are fighting.
A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall
the act of providing a subsidy.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
There is no dog leaping in the air
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
start suddenly, as if from fright
A dog splashes in the murky water.
an established line of travel or access.
A television with a show on.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
people go up the escalator.
Become widespread as an idea or feeling.
failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
There is no child holding a squirt gun
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
A dog plays in the water.
Four dogs are playing in a grassy area
A man is playing the piano
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
There is no child waking up
A dog running through mucky ground.
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
Nobody is slicing a tomato
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine
force to go away by blinking.
A dog is chasing a ball
The little kid is playing football and falling into the grass
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red
The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing
Two women are competing in a tire rolling race
A baby is toddling happily
Four people are sitting on a bridge over a body of water
A young child is lying down on a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves
(Cause to) be covered with something.
interfere in someone else's activity.
(Cause to) strike the air in flight.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
There is no man playing a bamboo flute
A squirrel is lying down
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
A person is wiping butter on a tray
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
A young boy is playing a wind instrument
cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
The white dog has a ball in its mouth.
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
A man and a woman are walking down a city street
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
Force to go away by blinking one eye.
A black and white dog prepares to catch a Frisbee.
protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions
A dog holding a ring in his mouth is standing in a small river.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.
Four dogs stand in the snow.
Two dogs wrestle in the snow.
a boy with a bruised nose and writing on his hands is standing in a video rental store.
man wearing a beret riding a bicycle
Two girls are not playing inside the jumper house
Two young boys are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups, Bloomberg said.
(cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound
A man is jumping onto a low wall
There is no monkey riding a bike
A ball is being chased by a dog on the grass
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
A dog is running on a muddy path
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
show submission or fear.
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitar player
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
A Golden Retreiver jumps over an obstacle.
We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A blond girl waves while she is riding
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching
There is no dog rolling from side to side
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear
No dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.
become unfit for consumption or use.
A plane is landing
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
A woman is standing at the beach with an animal on a leash
A small bird on a tiny branch.
a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
A little girl is walking off the stage
A cat is jumping high into the air in the country
A man on a bike is riding on the shore
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
contribute to the progress or growth of.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
PNC regrets its involvement in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
A woman is riding her bicycle.
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
A person is dancing on the ceiling
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
the uppermost area of region of something
A little girl in a colorful dress is playing with a blue and red soccer ball.
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
An Asian woman in a crowd is not carrying a black bag
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and riding a unicycle in the street
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.
What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution, she said.
The dog is knocking a boy into the water
Two white dogs are running together
A person in a yellow shirt and jeans is running on a track.
A boy, who looks young and is wearing a red swimsuit, is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
Boys are dancing in front of some people
consider again, usually with a view to changing
a black and white cow standing in the field.
throw with force or recklessness; cast away
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object
Four people are standing in thick snow and the sun is rising
(cause to) fall in drops
A person is standing on a mountain top
Little boy coming at camera down blue slide, smiling woman in background.
get despite difficulties or obstacles.
the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool.
A man is riding a horse in the desert
A girl in pink is twirling a ribbon
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline
Three goats are chased by a dog.
A man is playing with water
leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
A man is eating a banana
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.
The man is standing next to a bird cage
Brown and white dog running through a grassy field.
A man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on a muddy field
The deer is not jumping over the fence
A woman is unstitching with a machine
An email is being read by a man
be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance.
advance or set forward in court
A bunch of people is on the shore
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.
to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement.
There is no man mixing vegetables in a pot
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
There is no paper being cut with scissors
turn from an upright/normal position
Young boy on bicycle jumping off a ramp.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
A woman plays with her rottweiler dog outside.
The person is playing the guitar
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
Two dogs running in the dirt.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
One man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle
establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside the building in the snow
Little girl jumping in water puddle
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
There is no cat playing keyboards
A woman and three men are denying a photo
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
contrast with equal weight or force.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
Three brown dogs are in the water.
The writing is about a person penciling
There is no person setting fire to the cameras
There is no monkey pulling a dog's tail
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains 
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
A woman is riding a horse
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
A flute is being put away by a girl
A young climber is making a rock wall for the boys
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is pulling up
find, determine the place of
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
A man and a child are kayaking through gentle waters
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
A dog is losing a ball on the grass
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
Three dogs are resting on a sidewalk
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
indicate a decision or prediction
A man stands in front of a train.
The brown horse is far from a red barrel at the rodeo
A person is recklessly riding a horse
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near a golden statue
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
The boys are not standing in front of the burning car
Three children in a ball pit.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string
A man is spreading butter on a piece of bread which is big
A man in mid air on a skateboard.
any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event.
A large white bird swoops over water.
a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photo
They were tossed around like feathers, Gordon said.
emit or cause to emit noise
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the road
Man on green bicycle performing a trick on one wheel.
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a day full of sun
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
A group of children in a church basement is playing guitars and tambourines
There is no woman dancing near a fire
perceive by inhaling through the nose.
Red and white bus driving down road.
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault
cook on a hot surface using fat.
an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered.
say mean things.
a white dog jumping in the air to catch a red Frisbee.
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
Nobody is playing the guitar and singing
A box is being cut by a man
A dog looking at the camera in snow.
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
Different teams are playing football on a field
attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
A woman is cutting potatoes
Two dogs ankle-deep in water.
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
two dogs running on the beach
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
clean, wash thoroughly
Envelop completely; form a cover over.
store (liquids or gases) in bottles.
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water
A dog running through snow.
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary
A hamster is singing
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
The boy is not riding a bike on the top of a metal fence
the state of being excommunicated.
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
There is no man playing a violin
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A racer in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it, she said.
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
An indicator that orients one generally.
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
The guitar is being played by the man
A man is reloading a shotgun
a blond girl doing a handstand on a beach
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
The cat is playing keyboards
A boy is playing a keyboard
A big potato is knocking a green ball
Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by a person
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at a rope on a wooden platform
A person is reading the email
the state of being unsure of something.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A man is riding a motorcycle through the town
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.
cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
A large black dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind
an abundance or profusion of something
become long or longer.
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
A man in a black jacket is has a white headphone in his ear.
A man is walking in a yard
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
the successful action of solving a problem.
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
People are looking at some costumes gathered in the vicinity of the forest
A dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth
A black dog lays in the grass and looks towards the camera.
give or convey physically.
Two dogs are playing by a tree
The man isn't smearing butter on bread 
supporter, advocate of something or someone
make an image or sound clearer; put into focus
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
The man is hammering a nail with a camera
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement
take measures in preparation for.
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
raise to a higher energy level.
Funeral direction
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
The woman in the white sweater is drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
the act of applying force to propel something.
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on a half pipe
A woman is drying eggs
the high value or worth of something.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
A man is recklessly riding a horse
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
A woman is seasoning a ham
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are running through snowy terrain
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
A black dog walking through water.
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut
The men are talking
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
A red two story bus driving along the street.
A woman with a ponytail is climbing down a wall of rock
A feeling or state of extreme anger.
Two panda bears are lying together
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering
Eggs are being strongly whisked in a bowl by a person
A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk
heat a metal prior to working it.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
There is no person singing and playing the guitar
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct
The boy isn't playing the piano happily
Butter is being chopped into a container by a man
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across a street
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
formally announce the termination of an agreement
a detention center for prisoners or drunks
A large white animal is jumping up in the snow
A dog is walking along the snowdrift
The act of creating written works.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.
place or put on the ground.
A woman is cracking eggs
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
the state or fact of being an owner.
two woman looking into a glass case.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside a building
In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history, Bush said.
A boy is running away from the fishing line
The big white dog is running in the grass.
A man is playing a wooden flute
twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
make undue claims to having.
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
Two groups of people are playing football
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
Two dogs run and play with a brown stick.
A girl sits on a red play structure
a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation.
A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another one
regard something likely or reasonable to happen
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
A person is coming out of the water
an indication of damage.
The dog runs through the water.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
A brown dog walks on the rocks near a river.
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken
Two dogs are playing inside
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
A boy is playing a wind instrument
the act of sucking.
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal
sink to a lower level; descend
A person is burning some cameras with a blow torch
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress
A banana is being eaten by a man
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
A bus drives down a busy road.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
separate with or as if with an instrument.
The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
An onion is being sliced by a woman
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on a swing
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field.
the act of spending or disbursing money.
put in a horizontal position.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
The man is not putting chicken into the container
Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
A man is climbing up a rope
A dog with a blue blanket is running through the grass
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
A little girl is running.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
Nobody is cutting a capsicum into pieces
the state of being depleted.
The man is not kick boxing with a trainer
write all the required information onto a form.
A red, double-decker bus.
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
The man is setting up the camera and taking sunset pictures at the beach
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping behind a water fountain
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
take someone's soul into heaven
the cause or instigation of something
A man is talking to a woman
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you, said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
A child is running in and out of the ocean waves
cause to become ice or icy.
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
coerce by violence or with threats.
find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of.
the act of forecasting or predicting something
A young boy is jumping off a chair
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
A woman who is wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle down a bridge built for pedestrians
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
being in a protected state or condition
A dog gets its legs tangled with a stick.
reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
A woman is riding on an elephant
The girl is carrying a sign and is being followed by a group of people
join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses
become aware of through the senses
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
A boy of young age is playing in the park with his mother
There is no woman playing the violin
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a funny face
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
The snowboarder is not jumping off a snow covered hill
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort.
A man is running on the road
A woman is placing food in a pot of cold water
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
the path followed by an object moving through space.
Children play in a pile of snow.
One person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
A man is buttering a slice of bread
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond
A man is jumping onto a wall which is low
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
A man is singing a song and playing the guitar
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
The black and white dog has a ball in its mouth.
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
A person is diving into clear blue water.
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
the act of clipping or snipping.
A lion is slowly moving around
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
A tan dog runs through the snow.
take vows, join or allow to join a religious order
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to.
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces
scrape or rub as if to relieve itching.
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees, says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
A woman is walking with a pair of dogs
A dog is playing alone on the shore covered by snow
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
Two birds interacting in the grass
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable, London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the soft snow
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress
A man is doing a card trick
The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from the ground
attain success or reach a desired goal.
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
A group of cars parked on a hill
A golden dog is running through a field of tall grass
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.
A man is playing two keyboards
The piece of paper is not being cut
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard
A man is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background
There is no man making a phone call
appear or become visible; make a showing.
A black and white dog jumping into a swimming pool.
impress or affect deeply.
A man is emptying a plastic container
A child cavorts on the road.
Two cats on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy
A sheep grazing in a field.
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
A black dog is jumping out of water.
a dog runs through the woods.
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch an item.
I'm very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking.
A man is carrying a woman
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
return to an original state.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head on a lawn
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day
provide housing for.
A little boy, in a camouflage jacket, looks at a display of many yellow rubber ducks.
create by putting components or members together.
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
A person is strongly whisking eggs in a bowl
A man is pouring oil into a skillet
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
The white dog is running in the shallow water.
open to members of all races and ethnic groups
write as if with print; not cursive.
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
A man is walking outside
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
make tracks on a surface
A man is playing soccer
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
A woman holds a fat baby with sunglasses and a denim hat.
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
The girl is painting a coverall blue
A man with a jacket wears headphones standing in front of a directory.
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
social ranking or position
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses
A man is dangerously dancing on the ceiling of a room
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
The lady is carefully slicing up the meat
There is no light brown dog running up a street
line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
A man is fixing a silencer to a gun
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A light brown dog is running in the water
initiation, founding, introduction of something
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A person is eating a cut onion
A man is flooring a sitting guitar player
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
work with a tool.
the speech act of making something evident.
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
A child walking in the snow.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
some situation or event that is thought about.
a rank or position relative to others
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
A rabbit is playing with a stuffed bunny
A black and white dog jumping high to catch a ball.
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
decorate a manuscript with red
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a close target
Five people on a sidewalk.
apply a thin coating of paint/metal
I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it.
A white cat laying on an office chair.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
A child playing in water.
Some furious racers on the green grass are yelling at the horses jumping an obstacle
Two young boys playing with ducks near the water.
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
to put down by force or authority.
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
Person on skis upside down caught between two trees
People are walking inside a building that has many murals on it
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
A person is pouring cooking oil into a pot
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
rotary motion of an object around its own axis.
A girl is hitting a little tee with a baseball
cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation.
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
A black dog and a tan dog are fighting
incite some act of insubordination
the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc..
Two dogs playing by the shore.
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into a pan
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike
fruit preserved by cooking with sugar.
A dog with a golden coat is swimming clumsily through the water
The act of indicating or pointing out by name.
A man and a woman are eating
A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees
informal terms referring to a domestic cat.
a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another.
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
A man is riding a dirty horse on a blue road
A woman is posing for three men for a photo
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
A woman is cutting garlic
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
A man in a black shirt swims next to a girl on a pink surf board.
A tree is being picked up by a man
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided.
The surfer is riding a big wave
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
A small dog is lying on a bed
anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower.
A brown dog walks through snow.
Two young kids are eating corndogs
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
A man is pouring a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce
A mountain climber follows the edge of the mountain.
A collie running through the snow.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and is looking for a pencil
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
A person is folding a tortilla
A tiger is strolling around
A person is not making a bed
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
A girl is playing a guitar
(cause to) come apart, separate, or split
A man is standing beside a birdcage which is large and colorful
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Two girls arm wrestling, while another looks on.
a local announcement made within a public broadcast
A tiger is sitting
A woman is taking eggs out of a bowl
A dog is chasing a ball in the grass
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
Some bikers are getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building.
A man is doing exercises
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
A skier in white is catching a tiny bit of air
the trait of wasting resources.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.
There is no clown singing
A young man is sitting on a bench
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
Tony's not feeling well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into water
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
A close-up of a horse.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the snow
give out, allow to have
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
A man is sitting on a boat in font of the sunset, near a flag
pronounce with a nasal twang
A deer is jumping over a fence.
Three teenage girls are dancing in the room
the central area of an object
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volley ball
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
luggage compartment of a car
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on top of a circular fountain
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
the act of forcibly taking the opposition
A woman is talking on a telephonic device
The lady is dancing
creating a picture with paints.
Some food is being prepared by a chef
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles
A person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
A man is standing on a roof top and playing a violin
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman
form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case.
a man in a grey t shirt is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A couple is not looking at a map
A man and a woman are running together and holding hands
The curious boys look in the shed.
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing near two men who are seated on a park bench
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied
There is no man putting some cheese on a pizza
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
A dalmation is running along the beach.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
A man blowing a large bubble.
A woman is staging a dance
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
contain or have a specific wording or information
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out
The loud man is not allowed to play the guitar
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
make or become thick
express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent.
A boy splashes into a pool, ejected from a water slide.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ
the apparent condition or state of something
A child is making a snow ball
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
There is no seabird flying over some rocks
A family is purchasing something at the vending machine
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with.
remove water from.
The women are singing and dancing
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
The kangaroo is picking up the woman
A person on a snowmobile.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass
The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
recover, return to former state
Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.
A small white car parked at the gas station.
The woman is removing cheese from the sauce
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool
A man is buttering a piece of bread
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.
One man is sitting on the chair
An animal is biting a person's finger
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
A person riding a dirt bike.
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
A man in blue is riding a animal on a dirt road
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Two girls walking in the ocean.
A woman is mixing eggs
A girl is jumping.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
A woman leading a white horse.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a cat on a leash at the beach
(The act of making) a measurement of something.
lift and reset in another soil or situation.
the act of flipping a coin.
Two dogs playing on the shore.
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo
Two dogs are playing on a beach
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
form an impenetrable cover over.
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass
demand, ask for, or take as one's due
A man is riding a rodeo bull
The turtle isn't following the fish
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
A boy is surfing and riding a wave
A song is being sung by a clown
A little girl takes a picture while mom watches in boredom.
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
a state of extreme anger.
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
cover with liquid before cooking.
An elephant is being ridden by a woman
A man in a elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers
A man is on a ship in front of the sunset
A woman is throwing a potato peel
A boy is playing a guitar
A man is throwing away a guitar
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
A dog is pulling a toddler out of a rain puddle
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
A grey dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
Two cats are lying together
A man who is wearing headphones is opening a package 
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
operating or traveling via a vehicle
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer, it said.
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose upwards
give a specific interpretation to
a general trait or characteristic of something
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
The helmeted girl is riding a bike
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
A woman is grating carrots
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the side
The cop is sitting on a police bike
A man is walking down a road
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating.
Two small children walking in a field.
Nobody is fist fighting in a ring
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
Two boys are playing flag football.
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino
make a mark or lines on a surface.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
Two young children are on sand.
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
A dog is running on the road
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.
A dog in a colored coat is running across the yard
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping on a masonry pyramid
Someone is folding a piece of paper
connect or fasten into a chain by linking
a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving.
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
be a reason, cause, or justification of
Nobody is rinsing a steak with water
A large sheep standing on a hill.
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
A woman is slicing an eggplant
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees
A tiger is walking around
Mud is being thrown to the playing boy
A young boy is jumping into a still lake
An onion is being cut by a man
A man is playing an electronic keyboard
Someone is writing
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit.
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
Two children and an adult are not standing next to a tree limb
a notational mark used in writing, diacritic
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing a blue coat
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
a computer-generated visual image
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
A reddish brown dog runs across the snow with a snowball in its mouth.
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent
A boy holds a light saber in front of a Christmas tree.
People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
a dog runs through the water.
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
A man is riding a kayak through water.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
A man on a green bike is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool
stretch out completely.
to bring or combine together or with something else.
A black and white dog jumping to catch a ball.
Two dogs run through grass.
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
A woman holding a small baby.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
A brown dog is running though a river.
a movement back from an impact.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night
Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.
A group of men is playing with a ball on the beach
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
A black dog is walking through some tall grass
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a target which is close
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.
The black and white dog is running in a green yard
indicate a decision in regard to.
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
A snowboarder is jumping through the air
concentrate on a particular place or spot.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink
A woman in costume is playing a bagpipe.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
The girl in the blue and white uniform isn't cheering
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
A woman is breaking eggs
The dog is catching a blue ball
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
the chief executive of a republic.
A brown dog wades in the water.
Black dog running very fast.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
a dog sprints across the water.
Two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy.
Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard
A dog with a yellow toy in its mouth.
a close up head of an ostrich.
It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states.3.600	In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.2.800	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.3.000	The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.4.600	Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
unrestricted freedom to use.
Nobody is playing the guitar
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
A brown dog is running in a field.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state
The cat is hungrily drinking milk
I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees, U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
The woman is pouring oil into a skillet
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread
There is no little girl playing the piano
The person is setting fire to the cameras
A white bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
the extreme endpoint of something
remove by pinching or snipping
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
Lie at an angle; bend along a path.
A man is sitting in the rain
coating used as a repellant to moisture
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
a brown and white dog running crazily through the grass.
the act of removing or getting rid of something.
A kid is splashing in the pool
preserve with sugar.
Two people are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
A man in a green hat poses in the mountains
The lady is peeling the potato
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain
The person is not riding the horse
A woman wearing a pink Tinkerbell sweatshirt leans on a railing overlooking water.
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
A man is eating some food
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is stopping
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
a measurable or quantitative decrease
A seated woman is singing a song and playing the guitar
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously.
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
make a short, sharp sound
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef
The soccer player is not kicking the ball between somebody's legs
a young child running along the shore at a beach
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf
A man in a red uniform is racing and making a jump over a bike in the dirt
A group of people is equipped with protective gear
There is no dog looking around
The badger isn't burrowing a hole
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
something that is made real or concrete.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
Assign a new time for an event
a surfer rides up the wave.
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track
A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish 
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
The goal is being guarded by a hockey player in a yellow jersey
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
The woman is skating in the park.
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil
place into the ground for growing
a cause or source of duress, worry
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
Three men are jumping off a tall wall
put in the mind of someone.
A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick
a casual, brief meeting with someone
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment
class of students taught together
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack
a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
an indicator that orients you generally.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a field
A young girl wearing a blue leotard jumps in the air.
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
Two dogs are playing on a beach made of rocks
A boy is fearfully walking across a bridge
A small cat is lying on a bed
A man on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only
The kitten is not playing with a toy
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
A brown dog is jumping in the air
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
Nobody is in front of the colorful building
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and holding a pencil
A lemur is being stroked by a woman
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
There is no boy standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it
A pencil is being sharpened
The person is slicing a vegetable
A dog is running along the grass.
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade
There is no woman slicing meat with a knife
Two people are talking
The man isn't playing the piano
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on the field, which is completely green
a state of pretending to be someone, something else
a military aircraft that drops ordinance
Nobody is playing ping pong
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
A dog is near a ball colored in red, which is in the air
A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal
A man with a camera is studying the subject
A young child is walking with a bike on a rough dirt path
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
give something useful or necessary to.
forked form or shape
the act of taking something that is offered.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
A woman is carefully pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it
There is no man standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
make or become longer
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
A woman is washing a big pepper
A man is tying a thick rope
oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
A man stands in front of snow covered mountains.
group of people defined by a specific profession
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
Two dogs running in the dirt
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
change directions as if revolving on a pivot.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
A small dog leaps in the water.
Three hikers are standing on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
Three friends are making faces for a photo
cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc..
Five kids are standing close together and none of the kids has a gun
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
Two white dogs are running together.
Two dogs are running together outside.
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
The singer is leaving the band
twist suddenly so as to sprain.
A group of scouts are camping in the grass
Two dogs holding a single black Frisbee in their mouths
the day immediately before today.
There is no man squatting in brush and taking a photograph
A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair
a relation that provides the foundation for something.
The camera man is nailing a hammer to the wall
keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside a building in the snow
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at the sky
A girl is skipping rope in a park
People with numbers on their chests are running in a pack.
the soft padding under a saddle
to compel or deter by or as if by threats.
A boy in a striped shirt is playing in front of a water fountain
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide
rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
The group of Asian girls are standing together
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.
People standing outside at a carnival.
A woman is showing a dog with very short hair at a dog show
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
A brown and white dog is jumping over an obstacle
A girl is communicating with sign language
A deer is jumping over a fence
take apart into constituent pieces
Take away a vital or essential part of          something.
The crowd is not watching a football game
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
A dog catching a Frisbee.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
come into conflict, meet in opposition
A man is standing still
a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
a creased or bent form
A man sits on the stairs next to his bike.
There is no man opening a door
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
Someone is slicing a tomato
A bride with a white veil is looking down
The lady is cracking an egg into a dish
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand
A man is spitting
soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi.
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.
A small white cat standing in a sink.
There is no hamster singing
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
Children play fight with swords.
People are playing cricket
make sense of, give meaning to
Two men with white gloves box in a dimly lit boxing rink.
a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value.
make pure or free from sin or guilt.
A brown dog running.
A bike is being ridden by a person
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
A girl sliding down a pole
The boys are standing in front of the car, which is burning
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding a blue ball
the act of taking of a person by force.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues).
A boy is jumping on the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue
There is no dog barking at a ball
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
a dog runs through the long grass.
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
A rider is waving at a surfer
Swimmers are racing in a lake
warn or call to a sense of preparedness
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
A brown dog in running on grass.
The man is not climbing up a rope
A white dog is running through the snow.
be given to, come into the possession of
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
glare or strike with great intensity.
check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
glean or gather natural products
A skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
A woman is dancing on a stage
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The brown dog and the black dog are in the grass
A woman is playing a guitar
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on table
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights
Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of the mountains
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
express or utter with a hiss.
A boy and his bike leaps into the air.
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
A man wearing a red coat with glass looks at another man.
the black and white dog is running through the ocean.
exclusive control or possession of something.
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes
There is no cold cyclist celebrating
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
A man is riding on a bicycle with one wheel only
One woman is practicing with a flute
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
Two women walking down the street
the termination, ending of a meeting
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
Dogs are racing on a track
a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true.
A girl dances like a man in costume
A man in a red shirt takes a picture of girls wearing dresses and feathers.
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in a pen
People are riding two camels on the sand
A dog is running in the snow.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread near a woman
a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets.
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
A brown dog is digging in the dirt.
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
presentation of a musical theme
Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
the act of granting rights.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
A boy crawls through a rock tunnel with his brother and father behind him.
There is no person riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
starting page of a website
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch
be incompatible; be or come into conflict.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
remove to or from a place or situation
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard in the back
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
make certain of the failure or destruction of.
Two dogs play on the grass.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
the general condition of body and mind.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other.
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
Two dogs running in the woods.
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across a field.
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
A guy is mowing the lawn
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
a tan dog swimming in some water
The milk is being drunk by a cat
A white train pulling into a station.
meshed frame over windows and doors
A child going down an inflatable slide.
A father is launching the daughter in a swimming pool
A man is slicing the carrot with a machine
A young boy is quickly jumping off a chair
A man is speaking on a podium
The girl in a dyed red shirt isn't blowing a bubble
Two people are driving a motorcycle
the primary component of a communication
A boy is rock climbing.
A man is pouring liquid into a pot
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
The upper part of a column.
A little boy is topless and is serious
flow, as of liquids
Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
The black bird is not sitting in a leafless tree
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
surround completely.
a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons.
(cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
The children of a family are patiently playing and waiting
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
The blonde girl with the pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
draw a cross in the air over something
the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up.
A man takes photos on the water's edge.
pass through the esophagus
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini
A man and a woman are walking through a desert area
Two dogs in a house playing with toys.
Medicines
The man is doing a magic trick
strike the air in flight.
money deposited in a bank or some similar institution.
A woman is firing a rifle
A sheep stands on a hillside.
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
feel physical pain.
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
A white dog with brown spots is chewing on a ropey black toy.
A ball is being caught by a dog in mid air
a brief experience of something.
A white dog with black markings runs through the snow.
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
Nobody is on a motorcycle and is standing on the seat
seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something
The man is erasing the other man's work from the board
A golden dog plays in the snow
A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is cornering a barrel
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
attack as if with claws.
be equivalent, have the same effect as something
A black dog is running along the beach.
treat with an agent; add (an agent) to.
recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm.
measure the depth of a body of water
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
There is no man eating a bowl of cereal
A small boy is standing in the forest
Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
An older, balding man falling asleep on a chair in front of bookshelves.
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
A cold cyclist is celebrating
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
A banana is being peeled by a person
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
The young man is not rock climbing
A yellow dog is running down a path covered by sand
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at the sky
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
A man in black shaving a ice sculpture.
A woman is pouring eggs into a pan
There is no man doing back flips on a trampoline
A man is dancing on the ceiling
forbid, prohibit
catch fire.
A man with a white moustache is sitting on a balcony and is looking at the road below
People in animal costumes entertain a crowd.
A bicyclist is holding a bike over his head in a group of people
A man is playing a guitar for a little girl in a hospital.
Two children are leaning on a rusty ledge
A cat is sitting on a piano
fix to; attach.
A brown dog laying on a blue sheet.
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment, Daschle wrote.
I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
The woman is playing with two young boys at a park
Two young girl are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
A train traveling down the tracks.
drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
a state of being encircled
A clown is singing and people are dancing
Two young men are playing outside near a golden statue
The black and white dog is jumping for the ball
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
A boy is tapping his fingernails
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
The lady is dicing onions
be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense.
A man in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
The man is catching a fish
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is not talking on a cell phone
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
A happy baby is laughing
Dog with a thick collar running through the grass
influence or control shrewdly or deviously.
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate.
cover with or as if with a cloak.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.
a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
A man in a black wetsuit is surfung in the waves.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is begging for money
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera
the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.
A child is indoors watching a program about some young climbers on a rock wall.
Rugby is being played by some men
(cause to) gradually become weak
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
combine so as to form a whole; mix.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
A group of kids is playing in a yard and an old man is standing in the background
A dog jumps high in the snow.
the activity of providing supplies
A brown dog is running in the snow
The man is cooking sauce for the meat
The lady isn't cracking an egg for the mixer
The boy, who is young, is running through the ocean waves
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
There is no dog running up a grassy hill
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
A black dog running with a black and white toy in it's mouth.
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
adapt to a specified measurement.
A child playing on a playground play set.
four children are playing on a trampoline.
Two dogs running through a field.
A dog is running after a ball in the grass
a person who is a member of a partnership.
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.
goal or objective
A black dog with a red collar runs through grass.
make more intense, stronger, or more marked.
A woman plays with a brown dog.
Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).
A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat
Four athletes are with a person in a crowded stadium
give a definition for the meaning of a word.
any cause or source of great suffering
supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
A man is squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
preserve in a can or tin.
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
The black dog is running on the grass.
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
The black dog is running through the grass
Furnish with metal spurs.
A wet white dog is splashing in the water with a stick in it's mouth.
Improve by pruning or polishing
A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks
Literally cause to become unable to see.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.
A man is standing in front of 4 dogs on the beach.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
A young boy holds his head to a baseball bat on the green grass.
reduce the price of something
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area
take into one's family.
put in a particular place or abstract location
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
A man is climbing a rope
(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks).
Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
behave or move in a certain manner
A dog is barking noisily
The dog with the brown coat is playing outdoors
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
a sudden, brief burst of light
The man is not playing the guitar
Two black and white dogs run across a green field.
A man is not playing the guitar
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
A brown dog lunges for a yellow toy.
provide or supply with water
A dog jumps off the stairs.
hold or carry in equilibrium.
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot
Two bikes are being ridden by two people
Five men dressed in tuxedos standing on a set of stairs
a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars).
A small boy in waterwings and a bathing suit slides down a water slide.
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
There is no basketball player on the court floor and no one is grabbing the ball
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
A girl is making a flute which is not to be played
The doctor is not helping the patient
There is no man cutting a rope with a sword
There is no man squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun
A player dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball
A young man with a mullet smokes while sitting on a unique couch.
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
support on the back and shoulders.
Three football players from red team tackling one player from white team.
A white dog bounding through snow
reason or establish by deduction
A musician is playing a keyboard
A person is holding a frog
A person is eating in a restaurant
make unfit or unsuitable.
The Jockeys are racing horses on the field, which is completely green
Two dogs are fighting
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
become engaged or intermeshed with one another.
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
A white dog in a jump,holding a plate in his mouth.
sorting one thing from others.
a sharp side of an object
reach a destination or goal
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
A horse is being ridden by a woman
The woman and the man are travelling by automobile
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
Several swimmers are dashing into the water
The young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
move or establish in a new location.
an accounting period of 12 months
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
to become aware of through the senses.
A young girl is in mid-air doing gymnastics.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate, Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
A man and a woman kiss.
cause to move round and round.
A man is doing pull-ups
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.
Two brown dogs wearing collars fighting.
A dog is biting a black frisbee
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
There is no dog playing with a red ball
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
Nobody is beating an egg
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
A black poodle plays in the snow.
difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension.
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still
A father is in the swimming pool during his daughters launch
The man is putting away the camera and walks away from the beach
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed.
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
The bunch of men are playing with the mud on a rugby field
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
A man is crouching and holding a camera
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at the front of the class
Young men are dancing in front of some people
A man is showing off a small monkey
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
A child and two dogs play in the water.
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
The man is playing a harp
The men are not packing suitcases into the trunk of a car
Some liquid is being poured into a pan by a man
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
Close up of a bottle of water.
A big black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade
cause to throb or beat rapidly.
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
A hiker carrying a backpack is walking past a waterfall.
cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching
carry, as on one's back.
There is no one peeling a banana
keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
A small boy is scolding a dog
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
One man is sitting steadily on the chair
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
A lion is pacing tiredly in a pen
The man is playing a flute
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
The brown dog is spotting a black dog and is playing in the dry grass
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
A lot of people are in an ice skating park
The woman is dancing
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue
A white dog walking in the snow.
a problem.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
A man is riding a horse
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity
The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the jersey
There is no dog turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball
enjoy, be fond of or approve
make a loud noise, as of animal.
an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity.
a sovereign regime and its assemblage
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement
There is no boy walking across a bridge
Four people are walking on the beach
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
free from obligations or duties.
expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
make clear and (more) comprehensible.
A horse is racing
A person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean
A dog plays on the beach.
The person is riding a motorbike on a sandy track
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
A man is slicing tomatoes
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
The dog is biting some droplets of water
a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.
refer for judgment or consideration.
a retail store with merchandise for sale
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
Draw advantages from; take advantage.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
put together out of artificial or natural components or parts.
a sculpture representing a human or animal.
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
Room with several computer monitors.
There is no man slicing potatoes
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand
A dog is playing in the green field
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
People wearing costumes are scattering in a forest and are looking in different directions
Two girls lean around a tree, laughing.
limit, keep under control, deter, forbid
a pair of people who live together.
A person is doing a trick with some cards
A small brown dog jumping up to catch a tennis ball.
reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech
an actor who plays a principal role.
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
There is no rope being climbed by a man
administer or bestow, as in small portions.
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building
The baby is laughing and crawling
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
the activity of protecting something from loss or danger.
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it
A dog is running on the sand and chasing a ball
design for a specific purpose
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
A black dog is standing in deep water
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
A couple of boys are playing a video game
Four children are doing backbends in the park
A man is playing a harp
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a puddle full of mud
the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached.
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme).
A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow.
infer or believe to be the case
Football players are stretching together.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
There is no woman using a sewing machine
The man is drawing a gun
A dog is catching a ball in mid air
The little dog is dropping the bedroom slipper from its mouth
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
Make reference to something.
A little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
There is no girl in pink twirling a ribbon
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
A potato is being peeled by a woman
Three women are dancing
There is no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in shallow water
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
A man is jumping over a low wall holding a bicycle.
The man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
The man is walking along a path through the wilderness
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees
the space where a division or parting occurs.
A man is roasting a snake
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides
drag loosely along a surface, trail
A young child with black hair is deleting a picture from the camera
the act of perpetrating a crime
A woman is planting some flowers
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease, Manson said.
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
cut the surface of; wear away the surface of.
A tiger is walking around a cage
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground.
take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony
A girl in a tie dye hat has a butterfly on her hand.
direct the course of; manage or control.
exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something
A man is holding a frog
There is no woman slicing a fish
A child and parent pet a horse.
conscious subjective emotion or desire
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
A woman by a brick wall is wearing a mask around her mouth and a hair net
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks
One person pours oil on a few tomatoes
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
The bearded man is sitting on a train
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
A middle eastern man is standing against a lamp post near to other people
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge
two girls walking in the street
The black dog is walking through the tall grass
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
A child in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline
The girl is standing on the couch and crocheting
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp
The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall
A man is drawing
There is no man slicing some bread
A black dog walking beside a pool.
(Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.
Two boys are running around a field.
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
There is no woman frying something
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
A dog is standing on the side of a mountain
A big dog and a small white dog are playing together
the act of putting something in working order again.
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
A man is carelessly holding a frog
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
two girls with pink streaked hair and two boys with black hair standing next to a concrete building.
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
Women pointing at a geyser.
A cat is playing with a small bottle
A smiling boy with hat playing in the snow.
communicate with a hiss
A man in a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a coat dyed in blue
A black and white dog is running in grass carring a big stick.
a social gesture of deferential greeting
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
Two men are standing in front of a snow-capped mountain.
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
a formation of people or things one beside another.
The land near a white bird is being watered swiftly
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
Two football players are scrambling for the ball on the court
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
the act of raising something.
put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state.
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
Brown dog chases after yellow ball in park
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
A man is playing a piano
cover with a protective sheathing.
be located at or on top of something
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt
A group of girls on a beach.
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
put up with something or someone (unpleasant)
There is no man riding an electric bicycle
A dog running with a tennis ball in his mouth
Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.
There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible, Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.
a group of people appointed to a committee
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand
give a thrashing to, beat
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody
There is no man sprinkling cheese on the pizza
jolt of electrical current to the body
A man is wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street
A brown dog is running through the grass which is tall and green
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
The large brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt
cause to become awake or conscious.
A black and white dog running in a snowy park.
Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
A young girl, in an orange dress, holding a tennis racket.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
reach or come to rest.
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
The turtle is following the fish
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
A woman in a knit cap and green coat its on a stone block, looking out.
Two people are riding a bike
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork
Part, cease, or break association with (something).
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors
perform a duty
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
A yellow dog is running down a sandy path
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding
form a carpet-like cover (over).
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing
A dog is fetching a stick out of very dirty water
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
A young occidental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
A girl wading through water in a lake.
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
A white dog running through the snow
The sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep
Three young women standing in a room together.
The man in a hat suited for cowboys is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket
An eggplant is being sliced by a woman
Some food is being eaten by a man
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
A black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
The lady is slicing a tomato
feel or have a desire for; want strongly.
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Two dogs are playing together on the grass
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
A baby is playing with a doll
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
hunt with hawks.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across a street
We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary, said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling
A large man is sitting in a military accessories shop
A child is playing slip and slide in the grass
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
a full stop, as a punctuation mark
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
a verbal or written request for access to something.
make thick or thicker.
cook slowly and for a long time in liquid.
A sad family is posing by the fireplace
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
travel at an excessive or illegal velocity.
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
A man wearing a red bicycle helmet talking on a cell phone with other people in the background.
the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
A child rides a wooden horse.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl
the front face of a building
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
Two children are playing in the surf
Two young women walk along a dirt road.
fall or descend to a lower place or level.
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
There is no parrot speaking
lay with rails.
The meat is being dropped into a pan
cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
A young girl is jumping into a still lake
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
A man and woman are talking
Two men are swimming in deep water
a disease of the heart.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman
A brown dog is carrying a colored toy in the grass
A baby is crying
Children are playing in ground fountains
A group of guys play instruments outside.
produce a click.
The woman is dicing a carrot
A man is running in a field
A woman looking upward with her hand above her head.
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for a camera
A steak is being rinsed with water by a person
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
The hairy man is sitting on a train
A man is riding a water toy in the water
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
strike with horror, surprise, disgust
A person is drinking orange juice and walking
the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw.
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
A man is getting a garage for the car
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
cause to have an odor
Three Weeks in October goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
utter in a certain way
A black man is break dancing on the pavement
a partial denture
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk
heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
The dog in the red vest is running in the field
There is no woman preparing an egg in a skillet
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
Two girls are playing inside a jumper house
overcome with amazement; flabbergast
Two angels are making snow on the lying children
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
take or capture by force or authority
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
A man in a hat is walking through a store
A woman is putting the baby into a trash can
Two dogs playing on the beach.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees
A boy and a dog running on grass
A biker is riding away from a fence
Preserve in a tin or jar.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.
a bald man in grey is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.
I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters
Two young children are eating corndogs
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
A man is making a speech on a podium
the fashionable elite.
A man's face is being painted by a woman
Garlic is being diced by the woman
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
the activity of supplying or providing something.
A man dressed in denim is walking along a snow covered street next to red brick buildings.
There is no woman in a yellow shirt surfing on a pink surfboard
A cat is eating some corn
A man is making a bed
a physical entity
to collect, acquire or gather
A man is playing the drums
prevent from entering; keep out.
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
A bride with a white dress is looking down
A yellow dog catches a red Frisbee.
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
Germinate, as in a plant.
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
Small black dog running in grass
A young boy jumps off of a plank into a lake.
There is no girl applying makeup to her face
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A man is not playing keyboards
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs
the quality of being useful for something
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep
Three dogs running through a field.
Some men are fighting
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
A man is slicing bread
The man is performing a large jump
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow jersey and is not defending the goal
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
A man juggles at the beach.
Cars racing on a dirt track
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
A large boat on the sea.
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
break down, literally or metaphorically.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
A group of people in a living room.
A woman is coating a pork chop
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow
A yellow dog in the snow.
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of a crowd 
a black, brown and white dog running along with a white Frisbee in his mouth.
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
exercise or have power of memory
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
A snow slide is full of kids
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A cat is playing a piano
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
A man is skiing down a snowy mountain
The deer is jumping over the low fence
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
Three children are running down hill
A man is tearing up the pictures of a lake
Four hooded children huddle under a blanket outdoors.
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
A young girl slides down a green plastic slide on a playground.
The person is trotting on the horse
A woman is firing at target practice
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
The men are fighting with their fists in a ring
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
An Asian woman in a crowd is carrying a black bag
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
Two dogs playing on grass.
person who is a social companion
destroy a ship.
A white car is being driven by the man
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight
A little girl on a kid swing.
Two dogs standing in snow.
A white dog is standing in a lake
There is no lady holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel 
A snowboarder flies through the air.
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
A man is picking up a tree
A big green ball is knocking a potato
a state of being elevated or raised
Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace
the act of passing from one state or place to the next.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
A policeman is sitting on a motorcycle
There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN, he said.
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
A model is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera
a strong current of air.
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym
The little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
A dog is lying on a trampoline
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
People riding something in the snow.
The animal is grazing on the grass
Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough, Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
The man is not hammering a nail with a camera
Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.
make a channel for; provide with a channel.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
A shoe is being tied by a man
an offer of marriage.
vary or move from a fixed point or course.
A child soccer player runs for a ball near the goal.
The man is eating
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
A magic trick is being performed by the magician
Someone is stirring chili in a pot
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
A little girl is missing a baseball on a tee
People is standing against a wall
cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
The group of people is sitting on the ground outside a monument
The black dog plays in the snow.
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
make a logical or causal connection.
Leave to someone after one's death.
12th month of the calendar year
(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
A motorcyclist "pops a wheelie" in a grassy field framed by rolling hills.
A man is cooking a snake
A man is dancing on the road
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A man and child in front of a billboard
the intended meaning of a communication.
A person is boiling noodles
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
A dog runs through the grass.
The young boy is running through the ocean waves
to make less distinct or clear.
face an event and survive; endure
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
A black cat and a small white and black cat are looking up at a kitchen countertop
Three people are standing by a bench under some palm trees
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
make less severe or harsh.
A boy is shredding a calendar
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
A man in red is climbing a waterfall with a red rope.
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
A man sits on a wooden bench next a tree and some cacti.
A small baby wearing sunglasses sits on an adult's lap.
One herd of deer is crossing the street
protect or fight for as a champion.
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar
An older dog and a younger one playing with a toy.
sound sharply or shrilly.
A person in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit.
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
process or manner of functioning or operating.
A young boy isn't climbing a wall made of rock
A big dog and a small dog with a white coat are playing together
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
hit a fly.
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike
A man is walking in a city street
The people are standing at a carnival
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
Woolly sheep at auction house.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp
There is no man wearing a shirt dyed black, sitting at the table and laughing
We are aware of the situation, said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
The girl is lounging
Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
The black dog is running through the water.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
an opinion formed by judging something.
A young boy wearing a denim jacket sticks his tongue out.
Two people are standing next to a waterway canal.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
The man is being knocked off of a horse
A hockey player looks intently downward.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
Two teenage girls are texting in the park.
reshow a play or broadcast
make a prediction about; tell in advance.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
A man is singing and playing a musical instrument
a concern or affair
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
the amount that can be contained.
The two black dogs are running through the grass.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
A toy train is violently striking a toy car
A bird with it's wings spread
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
a tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
(cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner
A dog is running through a pond
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
burst into flames (telic)
A boy is skillfully playing a piano
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
No race car is on a road in front of a grassy parking area
A girl is getting a tattoo removed from her hand
freshen, to make fresh; refreshen
get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
A woman is putting make-up on
A dog is having fun with a toy
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices.
Three children playing on the floor.
A child is swimming on the water's surface in a pool
A man picking up a big rock.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
A woman in a yellow shirt running on a track.
an objective or goal
A potato is being sliced by a person
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
A dog is running through some water.
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle
Two dogs stand in water and bite each other's mouths.
A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in the street
A motorcyclist on a bike is leaning into a sharp corner
Four black dogs run across the grass.
A woman is parking a Seadoo
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
have a strong sexual attraction to
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
Two dogs and two people are sitting in the woods
A person is sitting on a mountain top
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in the distance
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
a white dog running in the snow
There is no woman coating a pork chop
There is no man mowing grass
something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a signboard 
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread
The skinny brown dog is running through the tall green grass.
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
two cold people stand near a pole.
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
A woman is bowling two eggs to a break dancer 
draw from specific cases for more general cases.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
(cause to) be overcome with sudden fears
restate (words) from one language into another language.
 cause or permit to fall to the ground
The man isn't intensely playing the guitar
A sheep standing near her children.
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water
go away or leave.
A baby is crawling happily
The kids are chasing each other in the sand
The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people is following her
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
A brown dog laying on a green cushion.
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
any likeness of a person, in any medium.
A harp is being played by a man
A child in blue shorts is standing ankle deep in the water.
A black person in white is joyfully running with the dog on the grass
ride a motorcycle.
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
A black and white dog is playing with a broken volleyball
(science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.
Look through a book or some other written material (for information).
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is dropping a bucket
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
Some oil is being poured on the tomatoes by the man
Two boys are talking on the phone
an agent's act of terminating an activity or event
an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
become distinct and acquire a different character.
a sudden emotional vocalization
A dog with something pink in it's mouth is looking forward.
Brown dog catches a pink ball in the park.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
A white cat stands on the floor.
Two girls dressed like waitresses dance along with a man dressed as a chef.
A man is arranging the garden
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.
We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight.
There is no man peeling an onion
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
The machine is shaving the end of a pencil
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
break up a solid, usually into a solution
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
A cat is eating corn on the cob
Three Asian kids are dancing and a serious man is looking
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables
be in direct physical contact with
There is no person kicking a soccer ball between somebody's feet
There is no child playing with a water spout outdoors with the rest of his family watching
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage).
use resources or materials
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
There is no man with a camera studying the subject
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest in the dark
A group of people is standing on both sides of a red stone structure
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
A woman is walking with a red bag.
The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar case open for donations
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
The woman is not cracking two eggs into a glass bowl
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
become master of, overcome, dominate
advance or set forth in court.
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
the act of hearing attentively.
A father is pulling his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is looking away
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
The man is drawing
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it.
The oriental lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
A tan dog leaps into the water.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in the garden
(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
A man is cutting a boot with a sword
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
There is no woman slicing an onion
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
pass by, over, or under without making contact.
stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
A large bird is flying through the air.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
A black and orange bird is not standing in the grass
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
A black dog splashes through greenish water.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.
Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results, Buell said.
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
A dog shaking off water.
The man isn't doing a magic trick
A topless woman is being covered in mud
run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream.
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, looks surprised
It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case, Sax added.
A boy is studying a calendar
censure severely or angrily.
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife
the act of suction
A man is diving off a cliff
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
Two dogs run on a dirt area near a forest.
A brown dog playing play wrestling with a black dog on snow covered land.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a wall made of bricks and playing an instrument
A group of young women stand together.
There is no man dancing
put or store in a bottle
The boys are standing in front of the burning car
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
A man is playing the instrument
The child is playing with toys indoors
A man is cutting an onion
A man in a beret rides a bicycle down the street.
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs
The dog is playing in the water.
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee.
give a neat appearance to.
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
A sudden (emotional) outburst.
change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
A girl wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
The blonde girl with the pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands
A golden dog is running through the snow.
The woman is playing a flute
the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
A dog in the snow.
A man is driving a car
the degree or amount of something
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
twice the quantity or amount of something
Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)
A dog is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
The man is speaking on the telephone
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down
Two dogs are running through high grass
There is no man holding a mask in his raised hand
There is no man reading the email
A man is watering the grass and excitedly playing with a dog
The woman is slicing an onion
There is no man cutting a box
join or attach with or as if with glue.
Three children playing in snow.
The white dog is running along the beach.
A woman is carefully deboning a fish
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other children are playing in the background
There is no man speaking
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in a puddle full of mud
a journey for some purpose (usually including the return).
draw advantages from.
There is no cat swinging on a fan
Three dark dogs swimming and one of them has a ball.
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
There is no man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog
[They] were defined by dedication and courage, said the CIA's director George Tenet.
A dog shakes off water
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
A small tree is being eaten by a baby elephant
A big dog and a small white dog are walking past each other
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
a short section of a musical composition.
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
A person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill
become the owner or posessor of something
A young man with a beard at an event.
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
The woman is holding a white jacket and a red glass in front of the man wearing a t-shirt
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a small city
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
the activity of breaking or splintering something
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
A dog jumps down a flight of stairs.
A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white hurdle
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
Two children are playing on a statue
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
gain points in a game.
A bike jumps through the air.
A person jumps off the sidewalk on their skateboard.
Performance, routine
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
A girl is doing a manicure
A man is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross
take up someone's soul into heaven.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
One man is riding a horse
The black and white dog is running and a person stands behind it
There is no dog crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
pass into by penetrating or permeating
A black dog runs through a muddy bank.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
The woman is not walking the dog
The person is hiking
A young black child is standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets
compel to behave in a certain way.
There is no man in a suit standing at a microphone and singing
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide
bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
reveal its presence or make an appearance.
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth.
the act of designating or identifying something.
have a monopoly of; control fully
give up right or possession to another
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
A small child smiling at the camera.
the state of being angry.
A little black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball
(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
A man is strumming the guitar
become hard or harder.
Two men are not taking a break from construction
A dog is playing in the deep snow.
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman
The person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces
A few men are dancing
Two children ride saucers down a snowy hill.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
Two people are sitting on a white bench
A dog and cat laying down together.
Two sumo ringers are fighting
The children of a family are playing and waiting
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
A person is standing in front of a rock with a rope, which is pink
Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through, she said.
There is no man fitting a silencer to a pistol
It is raining on a walking man
The man is getting off a motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren
Two men on boat floating on the water.
The person is eating
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on a snowboard
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
A group of friends are riding the current in a raft
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
A group of children in a church basement is playing maracas and tambourines
A boy running through green grass.
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
Someone is taking the okra out of a pot
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.
A big dog is running on the ground
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
something that is craved
A prawn is being cut by a woman
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken, said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
A man is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
The brown dog and the red dog are frolicking on the beach
start suddenly, as from fright.
cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
A dog is caught mid air with a ball
A black and grey dog runs in a field with it's tongue hanging out.
Skiiers on a snowy mountain.
to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws.
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
Increase the acoustic volume of.
A person on a yellow bike is airborne
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.
A dog in in a car.
Cause to move forward with force.
Give suck to; receive suck.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar
There is no woman in a purple top walking a bicycle between two stone columns
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
the last (12th) month of the year.
A dog sleeping under a table.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
There is no man standing next to a bus
the act of people having sex
But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive, he said.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
Three dogs run through a field.
A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field
A horse is falling on someone
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
A woman is standing near three children
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
A cat looking out of a window.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage
An unforseen development.
The woman is not slicing an onion
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads
a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally).
a member of a police force.
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
A woman is frying fish
A man is hungrily eating a bowl of cereal
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies
A group of dogs racing.
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
furnish with spars.
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove
A person is doing a trick on a skateboard
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a river
The oil is being stirred by a man
the act of constructing something.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface
Two dog play in the snow.
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system
A person is riding an old motorcycle
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
The men are acting on a stage
A boy is hanging a rod for fishing and running in front of a fish
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent
A cat is playing keyboards
Two men in a running contest.
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
The man is playing with a skull
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
An elderly man is sitting on a bench
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
A girl jumping in the grass.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
The little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
The girl with a helmet is perching on a bike
The man in not playing the flute
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
There is no hiker dancing on top of the mountain
A little girl is smiling and running outside
The skateboarder is jumping over a ramp.
the set of elements common to two or more sets.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
There is no dog with a blue blanket running through the grass
The back of a sign with stickers on.
move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion.
A black and a yellow dog
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.
There are no women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
The cat perched on the table isn't looking out the window
anything with the form of a thin strip
decide a specific time for an event
decide upon or fix definitely/specify
The panda is not eating bamboo
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.
open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
A grey silky dog is lying in the grass and a brown dog is looking on
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
Someone fires a bullet from a handgun into the woods.
A young child is riding a bike on a rough dirt path
The herd of caribous is crossing a road
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another.
be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something.
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
The girl is sitting on top of a saddle.
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
Two dogs standing in a lake.
put heels on a shoe
the popular taste at a given time.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
The crowd is watching the football at the game
a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame.
the act of flipping an object into the air
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint
Two children are not playing in the surf
Kids playing ball in the park.
pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to.
One man is intensely playing a guitar
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
a man running track
Some dogs are playing in a stream
Two women standing outside of a bus.
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
orient, be positioned
fasten by passing a rope through or around something
Man standing in front of silver train.
touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc..
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
The man is putting away the bread
make a hole with a pointed tool
A person who plays soccer is kicking a ball into the goal
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
There is no man shooting a shotgun
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm.
A man is catching a fish
A man is playing a keyboard
A dog is running through the snow
A golden dog is sitting in a field of tall grass
Four boys sit in the mud.
A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face
A kitten is drinking fresh milk
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
There are no people flipping the tires of a tractor
The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet
the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
A person swimming in water nearby rocks and a small waterfall.
A black and white dog is running through the field.
The man dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
a statement, an idea expressed in language
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes
A little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
The person is quickly slicing a vegetable
The act of copying the actions of someone else.
A large white crane is flying far above the water
Two kids are pushing past a crocodile in an inflatable pool
whip with or as if with a whisk
a brief attempt at some endeavor
A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
A jet is not flying
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
Mimes are performing on a stage
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
the tallied points of a game, at a given time
A group of people eat at a table outside.
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Black bird standing on concrete.
the scent or odor of something
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people
Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
The doctors are healing a man
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall
A boy in blue is running towards a woman in blue
A dirty dogs runs through the woods.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs
The man with the dyed purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
something copied or derived from an original.
A baby is playing a guitar
A journey for some purpose.
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
There is no tiger cub making a sound
A football player is wearing black armbands
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
A dog is riding a skateboard
actors in a play
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool
A small animal is singing
A brown dog is running across the yard with a toy in its mouth
A man is sitting on a sidewalk
the alleviation of distress
an established linear path of travel
Three teenage girls are idling in the room
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
a lone dog running in a dirty road
A dog is chasing the tail of an animal in the grass
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
A man is going into the water
a computer server
A black man is skillfully break dancing on the pavement
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically, said board member Steven Wallace.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
A dig is trekking through snow.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
A man and a woman are not shaking hands
A woman is restraining the dog
Small dog chews on a big stick.
utter with force; utter vehemently.
A woman is putting some sticky goo in a bowl
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
A little girl swimming in a pool.
There is no man playing a flute
The friends are making faces for the camera
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
a bird lands in the water.
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
A woman is walking the dog down the street
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into a bowl
hunt or shoot snipe.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
A dog is herding a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm
There is no white car being driven by the man
cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole.
an informal right to something.
A horse is being ridden by a girl
There is no blonde lady looking at a tower
A man is eating near the kittens
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
A monkey is pulling a dog's tail
two people who are married to each other.
Three children playing on rocks near a lake
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
A man is not playing with water
Two children are peering over a rusty ledge
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
duplicate, match
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and smiling
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
A dog runs across the grassy field.
A woman with pigtails is climbing a rock wall
A large green colored ball is hitting a potato
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
angle with a hook and line drawn through the water.
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
take up with the tongue.
An old man with a grey beard is not riding a bike
A man is wearing a hat which is hard and is dancing
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
the quality of dissimilarity
The person is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers
A man is packing the guitar
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.
a stronghold.
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
A guinea pig is eating a carrot
Two children are walking on a sidewalk wearing yellow and red backpacks.
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
Silver and blue car marked 104 raises dust on road as two background people watch.
A baby is licking a dog
A boy is wearing sunglasses
the solid part of the earth's surface.
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach
There is no man playing flute
Five children jump on a large trampoline while the snow outside melts.
An animal is running in circles
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
the money
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto the ground
A group of picnickers sit under an umbrella.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
A man is applying a silencer to a gun
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
A tan and white dog looks scared while splashing in the water.
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms
an unforeseen development.
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
A small dog runs through a grassy field.
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
A kid swimming in the ocean is tossing a coin into the pool, near the man
Two men are battling
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
A dog comes out of a blue baby pool with a ball in his mouth.
touch or hold with the hands
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
A man is cutting a fish
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
A boy is sitting on the ground
The man is not playing a guitar
treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood.
a boundary area or edge of something
A woman is wakeboarding on a lake
the rescue or release of someone, something
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
A dog playing in the snow.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
A man is mowing grass
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
Three young girls are dancing in the room
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
A crowd of people is near the water
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
the act of shoving something away
There is no dog jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves
an approximate definition or example.
the act of planning or deliberating
A skateboarder uses a ramp.
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
owned territory of a sovereign government
The brown horse is near a red barrel at the rodeo
A woman resting her face on her hand.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.
completely use up a resource
be the culminating event.
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
A healthy looking dog is lying on the ground
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
move through with or as if with a rake.
A woman in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road
A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
how something is done or how it happens.
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
A man is speaking on a stage
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse
remove from a contest or race.
women's sleeveless undergarment
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
A family is not purchasing something at a vending machine
The lady is slicing up the meat
A skier is falling into the snow.
A girl is skateboarding on a half pipe
People running away from seagulls on the beach.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
Some people are sitting on a low cement ledge
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
A person is drawing some figures
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
A feeling for something that is desired intensely.
A girl wearing a brown cap, red sneakers, and a dark green coat sits on a rock bench.
the process of becoming less or smaller
A baby is talking
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a white bike is catching up
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
support by placing against something solid or rigid.
I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier, James said.
A man is eating a fruit
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a road
A group of people is on a beach
There is no man massaging a woman
characteristic call of an animal
recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
A brown horse in a green field.
A person is dancing
Two pandas are lying together
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
A chef is preparing some food
A small child is showing excitement on a set of swings at the park
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
value a thing or course of action more highly than another
Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
Three men playing baseball.
A man is outside close to a target for blade throwing
A dog is running toward the camera.
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument
a fast rate or occurrence of something
give surety or assume responsibility.
a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
get or find back; recover
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
Two girls next to a mossy tree.
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball
give structure to
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
A woman is frying something in a pan
Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
A man is firing a shotgun
a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden
Nobody is feeding an animal
Two men are standing in the ocean
A man is slicing a fish
a lone snowboarder in the middle of a snowy gust
Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
an approximate attribute or quality of something
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
A person is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain
A boy is running through the sea at the beach
People on motorbikes in a city street.
There is no man dressed in black and riding a green bike
an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals
Four dogs run in the grass.
A woman is adding spices to some meat
A man is sitting comfortably at a table
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
(Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
The young girl with a shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on the grass
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
combine so as to form a more complex product
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers
A man is making a phone call
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken
A man is on a boat in front of the sunset
Two dogs play with purple football.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
the act of creating an artistic work
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
Two dogs are running through the beach
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
A young girl in a bikini is sitting on the beach
A brown and white pitbull runs through the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
A train parked at a train station.
culminating event
A man is lumping dough
A sheep standing in a forest.
make amorous or sexual advances toward
A young man is talking to a leaf
The intense man is a guitar player
An electronic storage device.
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
write a computer program.
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
The person is flying through the air on the bicycle
a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
A shirtless woman is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage
cause a sharp or stinging pain to
The little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert
There is no dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
There is no man playing the piano with his nose
A man is performing a jump on a bicycle
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the top of a building
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place, he said.
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
One man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean
Kids playing tag football.
care about, be bothered by, be concerned by
A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk
The puppy is playing with a plastic container
A bird is flapping its wings on the water
a train rides on his tracks.
A brown dog is running on a rock.
a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
A bride with a black veil is looking down
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally, Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
Some children are jumping off a trampoline
A dog is jumping in the snow.
The woman is not slicing herbs
Two black, wet dogs running on grass.
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
A dog running in the surf.
A man is coming out of the water
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpeted floor
plan, organize, and carry out (an event).
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
The windows are being polished by a man
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
Three dogs swim in the water.
A big black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming
A frog is being handled by the woman
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
Brown and white dog with baseball in mouth, field and building.
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on the grotto with a pink interior
the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose.
the act of stopping something.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
A man with no hat is standing outside of a green jeep
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on the shore
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
turn in to get something in exchange
A man is lifting barbells
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
position in football played by a team member
lack of agreement, not harmonious
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
the act of dropping something.
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
There is no little kid playing football and falling into the grass
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
The lady is taking an egg out of a bowl
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
A tennis player hitting the ball.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.
Gray cat looking out the window.
The man is playing a game on a lawn
The hungry woman is eating
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles
An onion is being sliced by the woman
A man is cutting a paper plate
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
the act of apportioning or distributing something.
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
A woman is dancing near a fire
a system of units used to express the weight of something.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
Protect or strengthen with sandbags.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a brown dog in the grass
A jockey riding a horse.
Two men standing on beach.
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
A tree is being cut by a man with an axe
A small white dog climbs over a log.
A person is eating at a table
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
A black dog is running through some water.
accept an excuse for.
The woman is dicing onions
A woman is jumping rope outside
A small boy in a yellow shirt is laughing on the beach
A man practicing boxing
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
Two girls jump out of swings.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar
A man is picking a can
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
It is about a third of what I owe in the world, he told reporters.
The person is riding a jetski in the waves
There is no dog walking along a snowdrift
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading
a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy
A group of boys are quiet in front of a large door made of wood
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
A tennis player in mid game is holding a racquet
An Asian child is blowing bubbles from an orange bubble hoop.
There is no woman chopping up an octopus
Some people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
Some people are treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here.
A person is kicking a ball for a soccer game between somebody's feet
a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred).
turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw
A horse is being ridden in a creek by a man
A man running on a track.
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
the identification or the realization of something
the root or base form of a word
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
There is no man playing a piano
People walk along on the street.
throw quickly.
A group of boys is not playing soccer on the beach
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head in a grass field
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
the breakup or termination of a social relationship
A women standing next to a brown cow.
A toddler in a beige suit is smiling whilst playing in the snow.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range
Two people diving into a body of water.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
Produce a phonemic click.
A little boy with a bib is not watching the camera
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her
A group of men play a college football game.
an electronic memory device.
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring through the bike frame
One woman is playing a flute
a person who memorizes or learns quickly
make fit for a specific purpose
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
A black dog running through the snow.
A man is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
A horse is not racing
affect with or as if with a cramp.
A kid is cutting grass with scissors
a specified portion of a whole
The man is not seasoning the sausages
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
build, make by combining materials or parts
a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea).
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
The child is splashing water in a pool
the act of passing something to another person.
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element
Two blokes are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table
strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher).
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result
A man is walking in the rain
There is no dog running on the road
A woman is slicing meat with a knife
announce the termination of, as of treaties.
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
The white dog runs across the snow.
Two men are taking a break from work
A black dog, running on grass.
A group of men are playing ball together.
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking
The dog is running in the grass.
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
A boy has a blue face and dirt on the shirt
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
a process of development, increase or advancement
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
A woman is putting on eyeshadow
A group of boys is playing soccer on the beach
A shirtless man is playing football on a lawn
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy beach
A woman is putting two eggs into a pot of water
act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal
part; cease or break association with.
get involved with or mixed up
The child is looking at his reflection in glass.
A brown dog in a field.
Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites).
There is no person riding a bike
A brown dog and a grey dog are fighting in the snow
Two cars for racing are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase.
A young girl is standing still
throw quickly, flick
The woman is waterskiing
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
Two people stand looking at a light scupture at night.
the act of clipping, cutting
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
A frog is being held carelessly by a man
A woman is clumsily putting meat in a pan
Someone is reading the email
The boy isn't playing in the mud
go back, restore, revive
A dog is running towards a ball
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
There is no man doing a card trick
to lecture formally to an audience
the act of motivating; providing incentive.
An officer is listening to the recruits
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
the force used in pulling.
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching a tennis ball
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
A young gamer is playing with a child wearing a white coat
a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight
a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage.
an angular or rounded shape made by folding.
The man is going into the lake
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cell phone with other people behind him.
A little girl is playing the piano
A small boy in a shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on the beach
A cyclist on a yellow bike is airborne
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
alter the shape of (something) by stress.
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange.
A dog walks through the snow.
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
A person is not stirring vegetables in a pot
have an argument about something.
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
A dog runs through a snowy field.
A man is playing a guitar on stage
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
move by turning over or rotating.
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny
A woman, who is old, is far from a white dog
the act or means of getting rid of something.
A man swimming beside a girl on a pink body board.
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
A motorbike rider is jumping over a person on a sandy track
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children
Two women with dogs are walking on a forest path
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
A skier in black is catching a tiny bit of air
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
be a factor or play a role in something
the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
Two men are taking a break from construction
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop.
approach a certain age or speed.
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily.
Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.
Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.
Three children are running up a grassy hillside
The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree
indicate, be signs or symptoms of
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
the state of being actual or real.
A woman is brushing her feet
start abruptly.
A few people are singing
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment
Two black puppies are playing near a pool
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
make synchronous and adjust in time or manner.
Dogs in a race.
A person is playing a keyboard
A woman is chopping up garlic
The guitar is being played by a man
The man and woman are strolling
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
Give a performative affectation to (something).
(cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point
make a great effort at a mental or physical task.
Red double decker bus on side of street.
Two dogs playing in grass.
a vertical array of numbers or other information.
Two people in snowsuits are lying in the snow and making snow angels
Living room or den with large screen television.
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
A small man is sitting in a military accessories store
An old man is sleeping at a table in front of a book shelf.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
A person, who is riding a bike, is wearing gear which is black
stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury
submit, send to
penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument.
There is no child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
Two cows cross a paved street.
Two white dogs running in the snow.
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a vehicle
The dogs are running in the snow.
thread on or as if on a string.
to make a great mental or physical effort
One girl is jumping on the car
give suck to.
take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue
give a performance (of something).
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
The status of being champion.
A monkey is wading through a river
arranged for contracted work to be done by others.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
Four children looking at barn animals.
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
The badger is burrowing a hole
The potato isn't being peeled by a woman
The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
A sea turtle is hunting for food
turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship.
A black dog jumps through the water.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside
A group of people are standing
Someone is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill
The rider is biking in the rain and wearing a red jacket
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
A woman is eating a piece of meat
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
consider as part of something.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent.
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A young kid is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
A brown and white dog is running through an uncut field that has mushrooms.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something
lock up or confine, in or as in a jail.
Some racers are running down a track
Some men are idling
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
to cause to separate and go in different directions.
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
provide, raise, or supply funds to
put a harness.
A young girl in a pink jacket walking down a gravel path in a wooded area.
A dog runs through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
The woman is not cooking something
ponder, consider, observe carefully
A girl is running on a desert path.
a side or surface of something
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
A man is being roped before a climb
A rope is being climbed by a man
A dog runs in the snow.
Two dogs are running quickly through the park
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature
Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man
The log is lying on the panda bear
A band is playing some instruments
Someone is stroking the belly of an animal
A woman is not frying meat
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction, Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
Somebody is jumping in the air on a board
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.
A man is shaking a drink
take vows, as in religious order.
The man is abruptly knocked off of a horse
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
make accessible to some action, influence, or condition
A man is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
A woman is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
Eyeshadow is being put on by a woman
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
The group of people is sitting on a ledge which is rocky and a scenic view is behind them
An organization that sponsors a large public event
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
The tall person is setting fire to the cameras
Five adults are sitting on stone steps
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in the water
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a house made of stone
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
A person is tearing sheets
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
The kids ride a boat in the water.
A woman is eating a cupcake
the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
A keyboard is being played by a man
The cats are playing with each other
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle
The presentation is being watched by a classroom of students
There is no man pouring cleaner into the sink
Two children are shown upside down.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water
A dog is running with a ball
amount of time that something is postponed
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
A person is playing the keyboard
The helmeted girl is perching on a bike
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
social or economic downfall of someone or a group
Start abruptly, ignite
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
Black and brown table in living room setting.
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
A woman is removing the peel of a potato
hand over or put in
A toy train is striking a toy car
The man is pacing around a room
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
A group of children is playing tambourines
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting
A young boy is playing a guitar
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid
A man is standing on a sidewalk
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on one wheel
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
The woman is eating
A group is not riding the current in a raft
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
The people are standing at a parade
The brown dog is not playing outdoors
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
A woman is cracking some eggs into a container
make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief.
the act of lifting something
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
take possession of by force, as after an invasion.
A girl in a white dress is running
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
A man in a white hat is touching a cardboard box
A young boy is using sign language
A man is talking to the woman who is seated beside him and is driving a car
A group of horses grazing in a field.
A woman is cooking prawns
a brown and white dog swimming in water
A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk
The children aren't playing in front of a large door
A chimp is practicing martial arts
A child is holding a squirt gun
There is no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
A boy in a red shirt is behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera
A man in a red coat and hat talks to another man in red.
a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations.
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
The children are wearing black tights and hopping
The boy is sliding down a metal slide.
A man is falling off a mechanical bull
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
military personnel lost by death or capture.
Black train on train tracks.
A young boy with a visor on plays ball with his bat in the street.
a man wearing an orange U. Miami tee shirt playing tennis
The small girl is riding in the toy car
carry a burden, either real or metaphoric.
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid
One boy is happily playing a piano
Four dogs are playing in a area covered by grass
The young girl with a pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on the grass
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
There is no person throwing a cat at the ceiling
A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court
a cause of pain or injury or loss.
A woman is cutting a vegetable
A dog running on the sand by the beach while his owner looks at the other dogs on the beach.
The boy is playing in the mud
Man on skateboard on top of rust colored barrel in darkened area.
The man is riding a horse by a stream
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
A boy runs in a race while onlookers watch.
A young couple is lying on a bed together
A furry brown dog is running through the grassy area
The dog is chasing the ball
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
A person is climbing a snowy mountain.
A lion is tiring the whole pen by pacing
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
A brown dog leaping from a dock into the water.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
Two women are sparring in a kickboxing match
be fond of.
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
A large black and tan dog is running across the snow in a wooded area.
The men are having a conversation
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this.
have certain properties when driven.
changing one thing for another
A girl sitting in a living chair.
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
A white dog running on sand.
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
A black and white dog jumping into the air.
learn by repetition.
A dog is leaping through the grass.
the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable).
Two boys show off their stained, blue tongues.
A boy is whacking a man with a sword
A man on inline skates is skating at a skate park
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
the act of preserving or protecting something
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
A man is erasing some figures
A young girl running on the beach.
A passenger train coming into a station.
There is no man playing guitar
There is no woman cutting a vegetable
A close-up of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
A man is putting some food in a box
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
regard something as probable or likely.
Many football players sitting on the ground.
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election.
A person is putting meat into a skillet
A woman is rocking over a blanket lying on someone reading a book
nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions
have a strong desire or urge to do something.
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
become or cause to become obstructed
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
A deer is standing inside a fence
A classroom is empty
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
assign to a specific task.
There is no man cutting tomatoes
A passenger jet flies through the air.
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
The black dog is sprinting through the grass
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl
A potato is being sliced by the man
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
a dog trots through the grass.
A dog is running on the beach
make reference to.
Three men are lying on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky
someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments.
A dog is running on the sea shore
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work
A big fish is catching a man
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
a dog shews on a big stick.
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the floor
Train going down the tracks.
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
A woman is riding a water scooter
A deer jumping over a fence.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
believe to be the case.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
A girl is standing next to the opening of a fountain
A close up of an ostrich face.
any tall, vertical shape
Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.
the act or capability of seeing
a fourth part of a year; three months.
A baseball player hitting the ball
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
A deer isn't jumping over the fence
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
A child in a green and white sports uniform is resting on the grass
Look furtively at something.
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
either half of an archery bow
be worthy of or have a certain rating.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
A married couple is walking up the aisle
move freely (usually within a bounded space)
Two dogs on the beach.
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
A man is rinsing a large piece of meat
Children are playing in a fountain that is spraying water from the ground
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
the conclusion of a communication
utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.
A brown dog running after a a red ball.
A boy, wearing a baseball cap, jumps in the air near some steps.
A man on inline skates is skating at a park built for skating
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
observe with care or pay close attention to.
A skateboarder in the city.
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
Two girls are fighting over a ball during a game.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
There is no cat playing with a device
A woman with a white horse.
A dog with fangs revealed is about to bite a ball with paw prints on it.
Three women are standing still
a restraint that checks the motion of something.
A baby is taking a bath in a bowl full of water.
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
Nobody is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
Light brown dog running towards something at the beach.
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
An onion is being sliced by a person
the act or event of ending a process, state, situation
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them
Three brown dogs are playing in the sea.
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away.
There is no man cutting a potato
the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources.
a special set of circumstances.
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts
A large white dog is jumping in the air over an area covered by snow
Pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
the quality of not being useful or convenient.
People are sitting at square tables in a red room
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
The woman is not picking up a baby kangaroo
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
the act of administering medication.
Seasoning is being added to the water by the man
A quantity of something
A young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud
The boy is spraying the plants with water
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
determine the essential quality of.
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A girl is doing a trick on her trampoline.
A woman is standing with a pair of dogs
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying tennis ball
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
A hiker moves up a snowy mountain.
A blond gear with a pink shirt is blowing on a dandelion.
A young man is running away from the fishing line
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state.
The surfer is in the wave.
There is no girl wearing a t-shirt and keeping her mouth open
A man is praying
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is resting in the yard
A man is talking
the state of being covered with unclean things.
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass
A bird is resting its wings in the water
someone who plays a principal role
Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.
Two teenagers huddle in a doorway in the rain.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
A child sprinkles confetti in a woman's hair.
The cat perched on the table is looking out the window
A blonde in green is sitting by a swinging boy
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
A dog splashing in the water.
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
change the inherent purpose or function of something.
A swan is flying through a body of water.
A man is slowly dancing on the road
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt
A man is running away from the soccer ball
Two girls sit at a table outdoors and give their order to the waiter.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
a person who cleans chimneys
People are riding two camels at the beach
The woman is not putting pasta into a dish
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A person is cutting some ginger
The man is not chopping a tree trunk with an axe
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel
Three cows grazing in a field.
A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
A man is tying the shoe
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign
Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.
office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
fasten by passing through a hole or around something.
The group of dim people is sitting in a room
A small boy playing in the snow.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
A man climbing a cliff face.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
A white race car is driving through a puddle
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
An instance of visual perception.
place too much a load on.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on the grass
the finger next to the thumb.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
A woman is cutting a tomato
A group of five young adults are lounging in the room
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring the front of the class
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running
A black dog jumping into a lake.
any affliction that causes great suffering.
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
A man is idling on the floor
There is no man with a hard hat dancing
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against a lamp post near to other people
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
A monkey is practicing martial arts
The machine is not shaving a pencil
enter uninvited.
Fish is being fried by a woman
A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope
A boy is sitting in a seat
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
The dog is catching a ball
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping into a blue kiddies pool
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water
Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.3.000	It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
cause to vibrate in a different pattern
a rationale or reason for something
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the stairs, which are outdoors
cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid.
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
A woman is playing a flute
A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field
an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A squirrel is spinning around in circles
Young boys play touch football.
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
A woman is chopping garlic
The man is cutting cooked octopus
There is no girl riding a horse
A person is doing a trick on a snowboard
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
A girl is waking up
A woman is slicing an onion
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
Two dogs playing together on the grass.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
A black dog is jumping on a dock into a pond
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
A white dog runs into a lake.
a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre
I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money, Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
A person is peeling an onion
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
There is no monkey kicking a person
A chef is cleaning a bowl of soup
Three women are sitting in a village
the act of giving temporary assistance.
A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan
a group of skiers going up a mountain
A black cat is swinging on a fan
cook slowly for a long time in liquid
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
cause to reproduce (plants or animals)
A black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground.
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
put in a dangerous position
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
Two children are on a fairground ride.
There is no girl jumping into the car
A black dog is running in the grass.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the park beside the road
Diners sit at tables in a crowded restaurant lit in blue.
For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
assimilate into the mind or a situation
billow up in the form of a cloud.
A dog in a bucket is biting a tree which is probably a pine
A man is playing a guitar
A dog is wading in the water.
A brown dog is running through a snowy trail
Boy laying on couch with dog.
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky stream
Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.
The kids are playing outdoors near a man with a smile
A dog of large size is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth
cause to skip over a surface.
A wooden flute is being played by a man
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
concrete enactment of an idea or concept
dispose of (something useless or old).
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
the act of pressing together firmly
travel or be transported in a vehicle.
A group of men in suits are standing in front of a statue of a lion.
Two dogs run through a field.
A man walking a large black horse.
A small bird eating from the feeder.
A young girl is standing on both legs
A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching
Two white horses staring over a fence.
The man isn't operating a stenograph
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks
to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
play on a string instrument with a bow.
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars
A jet is flying
Guitar is being played by two men
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
Two men stand juggling colored boxes while other men stand on a balcony.
A black and white dog jumping over an obstacle.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
verify something by comparing to a standard
There is no child sitting in a red and yellow toy car
economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
make a map of; show or establish the features of details of.
Two dogs running through the grass.
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball
A podium is where a man is speaking
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
A dog walks through the leaves with a large stick in his mouth.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
A person is folding a piece of paper
Young boys enjoying a spray of water.
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
There is no man in a hat playing a harp
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
A woman is not cutting tofu
A small girl is riding in a toy car
A plant structure near the top of the plant.
separate (as if) by passing through a sieve
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
A woman in a dress raises her arm over her head.
Two dogs are playing in a field of tall grass.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A young boy rollerblading in a cement skate park.
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
something that serves to indicate or suggest.
A man is cracking eggs
There is no man thinking
A woman is not chopping garlic
The skier is doing a flip through some trees
the last section of a communication.
A brown and black dog walks in the snow with it's tongue hanging out.
keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening
make high-pitched sounds.
aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness
act of becoming distant, moving away from
Two people are walking through some water.
A man and a woman are walking together through wooded areas
The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers.
A lean dog runs through a wooded area.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
A person is taking away the meat in the skillet
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
capture, ensnare, discover in the act
The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
reverse the winding or twisting of.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
say, state, or perform again
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
The little cat is playing with a toy
abrupt state of disbelief about something
There is no dog chasing a ball
A group of people is sitting on both sides of a red stone structure
Paper and scissors both cut
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty
come up, as of a liquid.
Two dogs playing in a yard.
A dog running through deep snow pack.
fertilize and cause to grow.
The men are not putting suitcases into the trunk of a car 
A few men are playing cricket
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a half pipe
A child in orange is playing outdoors with a snowball
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers, writes Barrenas.
do better in a competition; win
Follow one's own or another's path
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
The orange rider is not driving a motorcycle on one wheel
falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey
A dog is dropping a can
Carrots are being grated by a woman
A cute panda is not lying down
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
cause to assume a condition
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
A brown and white cat is playing on the grass
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
The food on the trays isn't being eaten by the kittens
a little girl is just reaching the bottom of a playground slide
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
A woman who is ski-ing poses for the camera.
A group of people ride in a race
The interviewer is granting a break to the man
A chef is preparing a meal
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
A mostly black train on a track.
The man in the purple hat isn't operating a camera that makes videos
the act of devoting time and energy to something
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
A large white dog is jumping up in the snow
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
A lady who looks young is lying on the beach
The cop is sitting on a police bicycle
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike down a dirt hill
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
The horse is leaping over the rider at the barrier
A group of men is fighting
Two people are not riding motorbikes
A man in blue walks down a snowy street next to a brick building.
the act of dwelling in a place.
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
A cruise ship docked at shore.
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Child milking a cow outside.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
Some cheers are being performed by the girl in the blue and white uniform
A little girl is hitting a baseball off a tee
A dog is jumping high into the air in the country
a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
The brown horse is very near a red barrel at the rodeo
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
A small girl is getting out of a toy car
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat.
the state of being suspected.
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
Two kids splashing in the water.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Person on a Polaris ski mobile in the snow.
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
A group of people is near the sea
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
A man is rowing a boat
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at the camera
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.
a porch that resembles the deck on a ship.
a body of students who are taught together.
cause to spread in another part of the world.
The basketball player holds the ball.
A black and brown dog plays with a long stick.
The boy is speedily riding a tricycle
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
A girl is playing a flute
One white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground
A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
A black man is running in brown grass and racing a dog
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
The issue has been resolved, Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing.
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
A guitar is being played by a kid
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump
Four people eating dessert around a table.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights
agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
a company that provides public service commodities
A dog is playing alone on a beach covered by snow
The person is flying through the air on a bicycle
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench
A bald man is taking shots of a body of water from a camera.
A girl does a handstand on a trampoline.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is walking on the tennis court
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
three black dogs swimming in dirty water
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
the act of reasoning, cogitation
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
A dog is eating a doll
Four dogs are not playing in a grassy area
The person is going into the water
Two bull dogs playing on the floor.
A dog jumps over a chain.
Two soccer players rush to kick the ball.
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.
Someone is dismantling a piano
A woman is leaning on the ledge of a balcony
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
An old man sitting down watching something.
Travel (as if) through water.
There is no young child running outside over the fallen leaves
A group of people is near the ocean
A young blonde boy holding a toy airplane.
There is no man riding a horse
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
Girls dressed in red and black costumes hold a wrestling pose.
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
A little girl is hitting a ball off a tee
Three boys are rocking the walk along the river
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
The BMX bike rider jumps a grassy dirt ramp.
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
travel along a zigzag path.
A man is holding a sign and is seeking money
The man is not cutting a paper plate
return to a prior state
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
There is no man in a pose being watched by another man
the political head of city government
A man is slicing a potato
A trainer runs next to his dog as it jumps through multiple hoops.
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
bring into being.
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.
There is no young boy playing a wind instrument
A boy is happily playing the piano
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
the act of dragging (pulling with force).
There is no man reading an email
A tan dog is running through the brush
A woman is playing the drums
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
the assertion of a proposition offered as true
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army
Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously, he added.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
There is no young child wearing a white coat and playing a game
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
Three dogs walking in the grass.
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
The children are playing in front of a large door
A man is holding a big animal in one hand
There is no dog chasing a ball in the grass
formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure.
cancel, reverse, annul
A white man is staging a hat and a playing guitar
the act of pulling an object
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat
move to a lower position, terminate something
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
separate or cause to separate abruptly.
a committee having supervisory powers.
put or introduce into something.
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air
The woman is putting pasta into a dish
No skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp
A moped in front of ruins.
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
An orange pepper is being diced up by a person
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
move in such a way as to avoid
A close-up of a black train engine.
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window
cover with wooden boards; secure
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck.
the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
a momentary brightness.
The dog is running through deep snow.
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
mock or make fun of playfully.
Three enemies are making faces for the camera
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive
Two boys are laying in the water close to the beach
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
A woman with her child.
put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
A person without shirt is jumping high over the green grass
There is no dog running in the grass
A man is not mowing a lawn
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
There is no biker jumping in the air
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
Some cheerleaders are relaxing
The scuba diver is underwater.
Two children are playing in a green boat on the grass.
A black bike rider in a red bike uniform is standing in the dirt
a problem, something wrong
a single serving of a beverage.
A brown and white dog is not running through the river
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
A greyish dog running in the snow.
reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new.
Two dogs are playing on the beach
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale
One young boy is climbing a wall made of rock
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
The piece of paper is being cut
The windows are being cleaned by a man
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
the act of troubling or annoying someone.
system of arrangement
Nobody is fighting in a cow pasture
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
something additional of the same kind.
The woman is seasoning the oil
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
a visual characterization of something
A woman is skillfully playing a flute
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
An elderly woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants
a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc.
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
A family is posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
A person is chopping an onion
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
A black dog with a red collar sitting in the sand.
have as a logical consequence.
clean with hard rubbing.
FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
have the financial means to do something or buy something.
cause to run in panic.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging the earth
A man is not playing a guitar
a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days.
improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
A man is putting down the flute
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
A woman is singing into a microphone
A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity.
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on the water
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue coat
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
a unit cost of something
A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water
something considered trite but amusing
Two dogs running down a beach.
a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program.
A deer jumps a fence.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
Three people sit at an outdoor cafe.
a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild.
come back after being refused.
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar
A shirtless man is playing football in a gym
something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug.
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
(Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.
The ball is being dunked by a man with a jersey at a basketball game
A fish is swimming
An onion is being sliced by a man
Two men are playing ping pong
A dog is running alongside a fence on a dirt track
an air force unit smaller than a squadron.
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion.
A person is peeling a banana
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
Nobody is treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape
A fearful little boy is on the ground
A girl is tapping her fingernails
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic, Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome
provide with a covering or cause to be covered.
the physiological activation of an organism or organ
The south African plane is not flying in a blue sky
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
A dog plays in the snow.
There is no man writing a note near a bike
A passenger train sits in the station.
A man is holding up an electronic device
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
the greatest possible degree of something.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
A dog is running through the snow.
a bus driving in a street.
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is quickly running 
A man is riding a horse in a sandy land
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
A woman is showing a small cat to an infant
Someone is cutting a tomato
A lady is being kissed by a man
A little boy is jumping into a puddle in the street
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
There is no blond child holding a yellow bottle
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
a written list of particular things being offered
A guitar is being played by a man
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
A man is planting a tree
The lion is pacing tiredly in the pen
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
feel hot or painful, as if burning
A man and woman sit on a car and watch the road.
A woman is boiling shrimps
Black and white dog holding a baseball in mouth.
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
The dogs are running through the yard.
have need of.
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
The man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
A young boy is jumping into water
A climbing boy rescues the fearful cat from over the wall
The man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.
A dog with a ball is being chased in the grass
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique
The man is singing heartily and playing the guitar
apply a plaster cast to.
There is no woman cracking an egg into a bowl
A picture is being drawn by a man
arrange or order by classes or categories.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.
There is no young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud
A few children are jumping on a trampoline
A man in an orange shirt playing tennis.
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
A girl is exercising
Weights are being lifted by the man
The person isn't slicing a vegetable
A bike is being ridden by a woman wearing paint and costume pieces on a busy street
pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness.
One man is feeding a mouse to the snake
the act of harming or hurting someone
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other
The person is brushing a cat
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.
A woman is not slicing garlic
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church.
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
The wave is being ridden by a surfer
A computer operating on a desk.
A woman is dancing near a fireplace
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
A young child slides down an orange slide.
The study subject is a camera man
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
the territory occupied by a nation.
The man is talking about the telephone
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
A man is ignoring a girl via an internet camera
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
A man is dropping the guitar
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
A boy jump kicks off a dock into a lake.
A woman is slicing some meat
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
A man is moving gracefully
A woman is not cutting broccoli
the essence or gist of something
the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on.
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
A lemur is eating quickly
A young child holds a spoon to it's mouth while sitting in a chair.
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping
Two men are playing guitar
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
Some runners are competing in a race
A man in a red shirt rappelling down a waterfall with a red rope.
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near a building
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
A man is playing a trumpet
A woman is dancing in a cage
be on base at the end of an inning
the act of substituting one thing for another
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
A baby is not crawling happily
Some water is being casually drunk by a cat
A person in a red shirt is standing, with arms raised, at the top of a mountain.
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
The football is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass
A guy is cheerfully playing with the footbag
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
A cook is coating a pork chop
A brown dog playing outside with a pink ball.
A girl in a pink jacket is walking through a large puddle.
A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
A man is posing dressed in a Batman costume.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
A person is slicing a potato
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.
A black dog catches a tennis ball in his mouth while a white dog watches.
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant
A brown dog jumps high on a field of grass.
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby
A white dog with brown ears is running on the sidewalk.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
cause to come into existence; create
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
act or move at high speed.
Become pregnant.
Two men are talking
A man is chopping an onion
I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, said Silver.
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.
A man is pouring oil into a pan
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
The person is slicing onions
A dog running along the beach.
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
the act of taking possession of or power over something.
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
make images or sounds less sharp
cause to be/show to be invalid
A man is bringing up the rear of the race
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance
A cat is swimming after a tennis ball
Train in a station.
break the skin (of a body part) by scraping.
Someone is typing
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
A grey dog walks in the green grass, tongue hanging out.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach
decorative cover for a bed.
A dog runs on brown grass.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
incite action, cause an event
A computer on a desk.
A woman is taking a can
A dog is sitting on the ground
The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man
A woman in a top which is purple is walking a bicycle between two stone columns
fluctuate, move back and forth
the last or lowest in an ordering or series.
behave in a patronizing and condescending manner.
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
The dog runs through the snow.
A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
express protest or dissent, raise an objection
(cause to) happen at a later time
the state of being employed or having a job.
A person is slicing some ginger
Some people who play soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool
A man who is playing dunks the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background
The black dog is lying in the grass.
A little boy jumping off of a dock into a lake.
set into opposition or rivalry.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
People are walking outside the building that has several murals on it
A woman is boiling noodles in water
(cause to) return after being refused
obtain data from magnetic tapes.
A woman wearing a pink Tinker Bell jacket leans against a railing.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
the act of escaping physically.
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
become due
a relatively long narrow piece of something.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
A young woman is shaking hands with a man
A skateboarder doing a jump on train tracks.
There is no kitten drinking milk
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
Man holding a stick while a dog jumps up to grab it
an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence.
A dog is looking at a store counter
A person in a blue colored jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall
take legal action against, as in court
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
A large dog and a small dog is standing on the kitchen counter and investigate
establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts.
make invalid for use.
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
A baby is sitting
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie
There is no classroom full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure
A man on a green car is performing tricks on a dirt ramp
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
People ride up an escalator.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A woman is playing a guitar which is electric
activity of selling
(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter.
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
A man is standing beside a large and colorful birdcage
A man is removing the peel of an onion
Discipline in personal or social activities.
A horse is being ridden by a guy
turning or twisting around (in place).
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
Three dogs are playing on grassy hill with a blue sky.
The girl is applying makeup to her face
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
the amount by which something decreases.
Someone is not reading the email
look furtively.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
A cat is stuck on a ceiling fan that is moving
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the water
A biker is riding along the top of a fence
A boy in his teens isn't talking to a girl with a webcam
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
a particular environment or walk of life.
A black dog lays in the sand.
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture
A person is writing
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
hold in a given state or situation
hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver.
Make (undue) claims of owning.
This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved, investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
give a thrashing to; beat hard.
the gradual process of acquiring knowledge.
A man is holding a mask in his raised hand
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking in rocky area
make small marks into the surface of.
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
Move oneself very fast.
estimate the value of.
A group of people are not standing around a sound mixing table
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
a long thin implement resembling a length of wood.
(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease.
Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.
A boy is mowing the lawn
make something more diverse or varied
There is no man patting an alligator on the mouth
the event consisting of the start of something.
We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
The tan horse is in the pasture.
lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard
register formally as a participant or member.
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
The man is lifting barbells
A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down
touch, lift, or hold with the hands.
A man with a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman
A woman with a ponytail is climbing a wall of rock
Three men are practicing karate in a gym
the nature, makeup or constitution of something
A person is wrapping up an onion
The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
Two men are riding an orange raft on the shore
Some people and vehicles are on a almost empty street
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to the left
The buttons of a microwave are being pushed by a man
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
A boy is talking to a leaf
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the sea
a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated.
strike sharply, as in some sports.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy
move about in a confused manner.
the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something
the state of having options, alternatives
The dog is having a rest in the park
A woman is cutting tofu
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.
Some children are jumping on a trampoline
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
A man is passionately playing the guitar
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
A man is dancing on a roof 
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
put a new heel on.
place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
create and charge with a task or function.
alternate dramatically between high and low values.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces
a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water
A baby is splashing inside a blue paddling pool
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow
The dog is running into a brown light
Yellow boat on a beach.
Two dogs playing on snow covered ground
A child with a gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys
People stand outside watching something.
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
limit the range or extent of.
Some people are playing cricket
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants
A flute is being played by the man
A photographer is being surrounded by men
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
Two men are fist fighting in a ring
A little girl is smiling and running out of the house
Two dogs playing with a blue and green ball.
They ransacked and burned the two villages completely, rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
partake in a feast or banquet.
Two baby pandas are playing
The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes
Two trains inside a train station.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on the grass
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
A woman at a stove jumps back from the high flames of a pan.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a friend
a man plays his white guitar.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.
have a great affection, liking, or desire for
A brown dog lies on its back in the grass, holding a ball in its mouth.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
A man is driving a vehicle
The turtle is following the red fish
There is no woman cutting onions
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
four people are on a boat on green water.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
A black and white dog is jumping for a ball
A group of people having a meal outside.
a tan and white dog jumping after a red Frisbee.
The man is hurling knives at a tree
A race care driving along a dirt road.
What can I say to you? he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
There is no woman tapping her fingers
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of the water
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
provide lodging for
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
Two small dogs run through the grass.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a street
Two dogs are running through the park
a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic.
There is no woman peeling a potato
A white dog with patches of brown and black on his eye is running through green grass.
prevent the progress or free movement of.
A man is jumping off a low wall
There is no guy leaping into the air in a wooded area
Two white puppies are playing near water
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
A man in jeans resting on a striped bench with his feet on a luggage cart
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
the noise of something rapping against a surface
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother
something with no concrete substance.
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway
One man is talking to a girl with an internet camera
A woman is riding an animal
A dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
The kids are not chasing each other in the sand
A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with bare hands
A man is cutting a tree with an axe
a small thin branch of a tree.
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out
Someone is not playing piano
an itemized statement of money owed
A person is listening to a trumpet playing
A group of people is standing together and looking at the camera
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
A woman is cutting shrimps
A brown dog running after a young cow.
deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
A woman on a rock is standing and looking around
the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged.
the act of swallowing liquid
Some cheerleaders are dancing
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
become pregnant; undergo conception.
revolve
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
There is no woman slicing potatoes
A man is not talking on the phone
a crowd of people are gathered in the street waving Irish flags.
A man is stopping in the middle of a road
request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
A woman is beating the man that is keeping two eggs in the bowl, using a wire whisk 
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
A man is athletically jumping a wall
A person is not playing the keyboard
One brown and black dog is running through the leaves
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
lock with one another
It's a huge black eye, said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
A person is riding a horse
A dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow
A boy is cutting grass with scissors
A man is singing and playing the guitar
A dog jogs through the grass.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk
have faith or confidence in.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
A dog swimming in a pond
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
A girl poses with her head upside down.
measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park
state or explain the meaning
hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
Black and brown dog runs through field.
A bottle is being licked by the cat
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man
A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk
stamp or emboss with a block
be affected with smut or mildew
Someone is playing with a toad
There is no man on a boat in front of the sunset
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
A panda bear is eating some bamboo
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase
One climber is holding a rock and another man is roping a wall
A man with a jersey is dunking the ball at a basketball game
the positively charged dense center of an atom.
A dog is sleeping on a beach covered by snow
Two black dogs and one white dog interact.
Several old people are posing for a photo and holding beers
A cramped black train is on the bag of a girl
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
work material with a tool
A man is singing
state of being active
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
Two men are leaving the stage
A man is singing and walking down the road
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl
a black and white colored dog jumping around in a body of water.
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
The parrot is talking into the microphone
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
Something is being fried by a woman
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
a skateboarder grinds a rail.
Admit to testing/proof
Two large persons are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them
situate, position, come to rest
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
The boy is cutting the grass by the curb with scissors
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
A man in a car is not pulling up beside a woman who is walking along a road
The silver train is parked in a station.
make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
A man is mixing
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
Two dogs running through sand.
A person is playing a guitar and singing
a reproduction or physical representation of something
the act of describing something.
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
Two people are kissing near a crowd
The rhino is not grazing on the grass
Five children are standing in a wooden hut
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.
Two dogs holding one Frisbee in their mouths.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.
A woman is talking on a telephone
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
The man is removing knives from a tree
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
A boat in the water.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is not pulling up
a judgement or opinion about something
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day
A grey house with a red door.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a blue ball
A man is playing the guitar
A large wet yellow dog is holding a toy
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
These are dark days for our industry, Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
The military officer is shouting at the recruits
A boy is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth
take something or someone away from somewhere
The crowd is watching a football game
Two guys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
The state of being absent.
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
A boy is holding a squirt gun
request or demand something from someone
decide upon or fix definitely.
There is no boy filling a pitcher with water
perform (a church sacrament) ritually.
Two dogs playing in the water.
A man with no shirt is jumping over a log
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
A black dog is playing with a brown dog on the sand
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
A guy on a white horse.
A close up view of a bottle of water.
A brown dog is running on grass.
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
A dog is jumping over a log with ears flying and tongue out.
A snowboarding man is jumping through the air
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
Two dogs are being petted by a man
White dog outside with two people in background.
A man is being stopped on a rope bridge
There is no woman cutting a potato
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
two tan dogs play in the grass
Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.
The two dogs are running on the grass.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree
close within bounds; deprive of freedom
maintain with or as if with a bet.
make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements
A dog is walking away from the tail of an animal in the grass
skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways.
A man and a woman are walking
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
a woman with a viking hat on.
A woman is gracefully dancing on a stage
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
A woman and a dog are peacefully sitting on a tree stump
MediaMax performs EXACTLY as advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
A woman in a shirt dyed in black is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
increase the volume of.
A white cat looking out of a window.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate
There is no little girl peddling a scooter
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment
The act of moving in a hurried manner.
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
make more complex, intricate, or richer.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
A boy is blowing bubbles
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
Two boys and two dogs are playing in the sand and water at the seashore.
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
A woman is receiving volleyballs
I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California, Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water
the act of hitting vigorously.
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near a brown reindeer
A group of kids is staring at a colorful structure
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
A little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object
A man is dancing in the rain
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
damage the reputation of.
A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands
the act of coming to land after a voyage.
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
A woman is taking two eggs out of a pot of water
a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance).
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
the forceful hit of a ball
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
A dog is biting a doll
turn on an axis; spin
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
A white bird is swiftly taking off from the water
serve as a means of expressing something.
an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association.
Two large black dogs run through the snow.
Blue and black pants are being worn by the motocross rider
A man is chopping butter into a small container
Red sports car racing down track.
The cyclist isn't performing a trick in the air
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
assign to a particular task
a dog runs across the path.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
A man is silent
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
A boy is comfortably sitting in a room and playing a piano by a lamp
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
The person is walking
Someone is playing the guitar
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
A brown dog is by a fence where a brown cow is.
a thrusting weapon, as a sword
A dog leaps over a barrier.
oppose with equal weight or force
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid
do over, make new
A man is playing the flute
a narrative song with a recurrent refrain.
There is no woman standing near three children
show devotion to (a deity).
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on the beach
the hard upper part of the human nose
a reason for wanting something done.
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a car
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
A white dogs treads the water with sticks in its mouth.
A man and a woman are walking down the street of a city
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in a busy area writing something
physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813).
A young boy is completing a jump on a skateboard.
A man is putting seasoning on a pizza
It has outraged the membership, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset
subject to political, religious, or moral censorship.
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children
the act of breaking something.
Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
A young boy with a purple Mohawk playing the violin.
Three boys are walking on rocks along a river
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
Two dogs bound across the grass.
A woman is not slicing a cucumber
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
Two young women are not sparring in a kickboxing fight
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
A blond child is going down a slide and throwing up his arms
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
The state of being suspected.
Eggs are being boiled by a woman
A dog running through water with a ball in its mouth
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
Two men with bikes are on the side of a snowy road
A red double decker bus on a city street.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
ATVs are being driven by three people
A man is strumming a guitar
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
an arrangement scheme.
The monkey is not brushing a bull dog
A young boy is jumping onto a chair
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
A man is being hit by a kid with a weapon
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near
A golden retriever is not running
the state of being controlled or governed.
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
A black and white dog is running through a snowy field.
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field
the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
A black dog jumps in the snow.
two brown and black dogs growling at each other.
Two children are walking along a street wearing yellow backpacks.
There is no person peeling an onion
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
A machine is sharpening a knife
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
The man is stirring oil
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
a casual or unexpected convergence.
Black and white dog running outside.
Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues
Young boys wading in blue swim caps.
People are walking through a street which is crowded
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose.
A boy is playing an instrument
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
There is no man praying
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
Two people are in bed.
Some horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping an obstacle
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
The black dog is running through the snow.
A woman is placing a bowl with a crack near an egg
the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
A black dog holds a tire and a ball in his mouth as another follows him.
A black and white dog is carrying a big stick on the green grass
The American footballer is not wearing a red and white strip
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content
A black dog running in the snow.
A tiger is not walking around
A little girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing
A man is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword
The man is doing a handstand on the wet shore at the edge of the water at the beach
A large man is sitting in a military accessories store
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion
use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid.
Nobody is sitting in the chairs and watching the ocean
the act of forcing out someone or something.
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
A yellow dog is running up a sandy path
Two dogs play in shallow water.
Someone on a perch is looking at a small wooden cat that is on a white cabinet outside the window 
A man is reading an email
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
Two women in a clothing store.
A dog leaps over a log in the woods.
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick
A black dog is running across a field.
A truck is quickly going up a hill
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
alter by chemical means, to make images.
Three people are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river
Man rowing a boat.
A young girl wearing a bikini in an inner tube.
A person is riding a motorcycle
A man is petting two dogs
No people is sitting around a fire at night
A black and white dog is biting onto a stick in the water.
a short account of the news.
coat, cover, or treat the surface of
a chance to do something.
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars
A man rides a large black motorbike.
A man is running
an agent or company that insures something
a person standing in the middle of a bunch of snowy rocks near a waterhole.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
A young kid is jumping into water
drench periodically with liquid while cooking
make tight or tighter.
hurt, feel physical pain
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
A large duck is flying over a rocky stream
The man is kick boxing with a trainer
a boundary marking the extremities of something.
Two dogs running along dirt path.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a sunny day
A motorcyclist with a red helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
a prominent attribute or aspect of something.
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
The bicycle is being ridden by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail
A man is having fun with water
a dog jumps into the pond.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow
An electronic keyboard is being played by a man
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
White and brown dog with mouth open running on grass.
A toddler is sitting down
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and the sun is setting
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road quickly
edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution
The man is up in the air.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
A boy wearing a blue jacket swings a bat at a white ball.
be against, resist
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
The woman is measuring a man
A dog which is furry and black is in a back yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman that is who along a road
Two women climb on top of rocks in front of the ocean.
A dog racing on a track.
A man is eating a pizza
Two airplanes in the sky.
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
Two dogs run towards shore through shallow water.
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
A man riding a white horse.
someone (or something) on which expectations are centered.
A man is running down the road
A hiker discovers a feature in an otherwise barren landscape.
A black dog is running in snow.
The woman is not putting makeup on the man
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source.
A boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
A group of Asian girls are standing together
A black dog is playing in the snow.
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
A bike rider makes a jump on a halfpipe ramp.
A bird flying in the air
She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
process or result of becoming less or smaller.
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
(An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
A young blonde child holding an airplane.
Some kids play in a field.
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of a horse saddle
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
A young woman dressed in black.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
a physical protuberance, large or small
a black dog runs through the dry grass.
a boy in a grey hat is carrying a soccer ball by a reddish colored wall.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
There is no man doing pull-ups
A man and two women in a darkened room are sitting at a table with candles
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
the flavor quality of something
A black dog looking at the camera.
A man is slicing some bread
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
get or gather together.
any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted.
A motorcyclist without a helmet is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road
A person is riding a dirt bike up a dirt hill
a group of old men walking down the street
A white bike and a yellow bike are racing down the track
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road beside the water
A black and a white dog are joyfully running on the grass
The players is maneuvering for the ball
A woman is crouching and holding a camera
change from one form or medium into another.
make or be a summary
A man is jumping a wall
remove substances from a liquid or solution
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
let or cause to fall in drops.
A person with a back pack, who is topless, is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background
Four small children sit on tall stools at a resturaunt bar.
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
Young man in a black shirt smokes on a sofa in a colorful room
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
People riding horses in a fenced area.
A cook is slicing some bell peppers
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
The European Union is basically absent, said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a marching band
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
A brown dog is running across the snowy ground.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
A man on a horse is riding on a track and waving
A woman in riding a brown horse.
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a mask
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
A large white bird flying over water.
any new participant in some activity.
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
A brown dog is running in the snow with a smaller black dog running behind it.
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
a boy in a red shirt, in front of a long blue wall, raises his eyebrow at the camera
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
leave undone or leave out
The young kids are posing with a green soccer ball in a park
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
Frank Quattrone is innocent, Keker said in a statement.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is running in the grass
increase in amount, extent, or intensity
enclose in or as if in a frame.
hurl as if with a sling.
A black dog is sitting in the grass and keeping its mouth closed
the action of extending outwards
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall.
recover posession or get back again
Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.